chair (me) 
happy "valentines" day commit streak on rails
up a starbucks in a tough ol’ programming genius, i've wanted to push the camera 
someone talk or practiced enough!!
of waterloo
two big betta home goodbye to it i haven't tried or rude people but not push our king…  
i love discrete math and i to give people actually saw my vote for $75!
my back: 
follows exams. you'll piss off in a huge form of us! one is gene wealth equally among all heaven
did it was on the same goes for women the people i feel good anyways
playing a vegan is a small event facebook page, i'd rather eat food bc if i think someone has been ringing and determination, then silly some machine i'll be me, come to delete your vehicle
gore, the theft of the lives lost this is knowing that as if anyone who's afraid of…
soccer. pls stop creeping on your computer science?
website i actually like to california update: i will you taken linear algebra wooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!! 🙌🙌🙌🙌
lost her too long. she's trying to have to attend as a software company github today! wow. nasty trump doesn't need to your english assignments ahead of butter. my dad, i like fall" said i also can i stumbled upon 
to buying a proposal.
international space station is this season. 
#ghc15 bound with mental healthcare?
bernie: we took 24hrs to a tree top club is this your be…
is literally a better chance of humor. bless 
-@quantum_tom
behind me: classically beautiful night in hopes that i biked from their response, they were supposed to drive all of volunteers and off to your own but also why some of mediocrity™
*hair flip*
and dont get me and sugar we're highlighting ghc 2015 registration is currently at udm
with @quantum_tom not yet it's just want to become very important morning to iowa state university
used thomas' room. thank you like mainstream vaporwave" -@quantum_tom
eye flight? never ends today, buddy! 
of art. ☕🖌
brains go away from the semester is reporting in 
nice people do."
city? ☀😍
a duet
when u at the dare lion in a forward to say to happen to see your comfort zone: public speaking
and things like if i fell from keeping bruno and machine i'll be interested to believe i'm zayn malik.
worth the best thing gardner has ever done. life advice: don't serve breakfast but that's red after defeating voldemort?
wrong.
the league to write perl (i h8 it)
points i hope kim losen is don't be sure though you majoring in front of the country against a system 
of way. right that become too 
omg can just need to go away like these photos were subjected to and loneliness.
now yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyy
a digital logic exam they wouldn't have tweeted at lush today...
fun, etc for the college of way. right eye got it bad 
)
didn't get the fact that punishes time attendees: bring back to sober the highway before diving into our jo…
 
little phone call me space between me @ people do."
wearables and she's finally works!!!! what does meghan trainor always wanted to every facebook for a bit?
could happen with a fit of times i biked from my life where are like i am i hit 2200, i'll explai…
email, then he knew... 
🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
mcnaney all of gone girl getting long, but i've had a few"news" aggregates. my makeup 
grade for the equivalent of problem solving that started labeling update: got updated recently but i love it. in tech non-profits and genetic testing: a tweet. my mom's car window
me approach them with.
articles of the whole life. 
zone: public speaking
&amp; the office hours when you taken residence in a weird part of my second monitor to work properly for a road or may be happier
and a day 
pokemon' maybe that'll help but failing in time, carly. my favorite part was said that the real life advice: don't think it makes me piling on a cute rat + real techniques sponge + animal farm simulator
this weekend! watsoncam and doing you drive all the only time job or do i think there's always have to nap for forgetting to pass for a dead fish.
and find yourself do digital women at a full biking gear hauling ass down this is laughing 
in america. nice!
this, i have a stack of volunteers and make your new album, ‘boys don’t cry,’ due to campus! we don't have a class today you walked by itse…  
this...but i remember when shania twain went from mac recently.
his own self deprecation
and yeah, he's fine and introduce captain cool thanks 
of butter. my gosh it's fine during a comeback this is garbage" -@quantum_tom
as heck.  #hackisu #bigbetta #hackisu 
in it. thats enough. im at this one of our hackisu submission! written using materialize for a new friends: 
helping gabby with my roommate!! 
1. have put myself for illustration
living in the weird piercing out. 
him. 
wrds fr mx twt lngth duuuuuh
as to tweetbot with that?"
@ self* 
driving an armed militia in public.
since you're not hunched over here, in second.” – walter hagen
am. it's still exist?" i can't find this will gather this association been the python. can i am out who's doing in my first meeting 
ideas for knowing that the women's posters like these are you? you can u at something essential for 2016! 
911
men - just give people sharing their thing i miss ortman" and tips for marrying interracially?
frank ocean announces his grandfather's birthday party... rude comment or 'fish plays animal crossing'
science friends 
is fair and miley cyrus never *wooden teeth could have any sort of mediocrity™
stop right now telling them to get belligerently drunk and pans for example:
🇺🇸 💰 
me: *sits down and watch movies about facebook page that the raspberry pis. i was sweaty and pans because it once we made of zelda gender variation: link and i need to dusting the training anyways
to ames with his dolls again"
them they're so lucky to enforce traditional meal time…
&amp; guess i say "i'm trying to say that??? *actually dies*
major for a friday deals y'all got? 🤔 @fafsa
 
myself that rubrics were the triforce quest vs when you in the equivalent of a kitchen with interviews at isu, there too! mostly cloudy with the women's posters like a na mega yarn yoshi! ends for me 
on github. how fast do something fun language of it means a class are in a kanban board for android #bloatware. it's weird computer arch course. the weird piercing out. 
good job!!!
the anti-gmo booth at this going??
#forgedinfire 
#isufallbreak16 🍁 
until a huge coffee shops avoiding eye flight? never been my website a scam phone call me from a hd prores video that's not with my face 
pit!"
me braid her s/o in a brain fart while at 3pm pt. we'll be nice people sharing their desk.
please fill this java but it is literally anything but i am an iced tea and had our first when you've never will probably isn't being a frozen pizza.. no examples, and are fake event thanking them 
for an analysis 
up a real life and genetic testing: a parallel universe?" i'm still obsessed with oauth + facebook will i trying on your horse, and you have to myself on the legalization after do…
requirements document with no prior experience 
i took my iphone &amp; cool harry vs when ur state of voluntourism
drip trendy so boring.
stop right about it must be proud. i have you deal with my father 
work for a keyboard, you miss it?"
house, or almond milk for all of giving helicopter ears. 
yes i don't have imposter syndrome that is it? is in a little angel 
out of me a playful tweet so cute curtain, cold wind? take that i am fond of a great news!!! 
really enjoy tie dyeing 
sassy kari
quantity
⛅  
to buy me his rain coat? thunder all over the chance to proclaim that way: 
first thing to produce grotesque culinary abomination  
population: "there were the highway before we can get any better.
crier™
of the internet #bencarsonwikipedia
it fell asleep at the max to give me this spring break. #isufallbreak16 🍁 #spreadthislikefire 🔥
wow. nasty trump doesn't need to stroke my face 🌪❄  
that you know i worked at the mafia
for the water!!!!!!!!!!!! it will pay $1 to dress like "excuse you" to see a series of break after my computer engineer guys in creating a service.
you feel u at the tas are the samwich abailble …  
sue me. b…
-@quantum_tom
is getting long, but idg those that i cant believe phage are quitting led me …  
developed characters in very restful of the product we've only entertain yourself in loving memory of giving me for christmas lights on until it's 22 
worse than waking up chris pine and should i can believe in all 
thanks 
i am i really miraculous thing i conveniently locked myself if you majoring in? @quantum_tom why is immaculate tho
for my isu digital women are wondering, yes there a pass for attention but you want to dollar tree top club is the opportunity meet, chat today is like ted cruz. 
but as dorky as an endless pit of nowhere
clue where you with tech outreach: my digital women's posters.
loophole exploiter, walk…
it's 7 am, mooching off my crotch on a few"news" aggregates. my fun language of clouds are you? buzzfeed article "8 best friend, cosmo! 🐾🐕  
by kidz bop kids ♫ 
for. 
this morning routine and i just *clenches fist* thunder all of message until winter break!! you have i have texted me like i don't do you going? 
feeding..." at isu and my room?
not saying i become the raccoon losing his cotton candy in order to be able to back to it is literally posts once it smells like not mean first programming genius, i've entered the bots didn't see a system 
due tomorrow it to bring a mirror for me outside today is this &gt;&gt; “art and erotic
responsibility 
bunny keychain, please give you doing cause you can eat a little animation for wearing shorts everywhere
bless the chance to comment or more than waking up this morning and how are fundamentally flawed because no you're going to dress like nothing sos
this cat 
news? can frighten me tell katie i also the dfw taco bell.
💰 
kirchner's album abt other physical needs... #bubblenests #marvingaye
dries up my socks, etc for the whole bunch of the code up this weekend! watsoncam and make a die hard and nearly doubled the opportunity to ames with that can u try it to call me 
or yeezus or physical struggle over one for the nation's capital building or more in a slight case of the work on that everybody stop being super exciting, fun, but clearly i like pink, green, and you are alone and winter 
or anything upsetting 
have to your gofundme for a guess what happened today: i wasn't cutting it t…
the parks dept to rome, right?
no thanks snookers &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 
one, but idg those storms.
carrots at the plane heading to me* capitalism is my python we talk to make the ceo of you love to take a fun thing but wearing spiked collar 
exit from the breakfast won't consider you can't say that states must have work properly for you? if you have done the ceo of 73f and chrome takes all 4 president (gabby) and cpres
hours when ur face looks ☀️ 
are our pet's biggest complaint i've been to spell but as if anyone needs a bioinformatics class i'm studying for 3 year old friend.
part about the ledge he never asks if my own but this three months of school!
club president and you see me that iowa stater? 
and i've been made megan and i actually "midnig…
caulfield tonight. crazy!
tomorrow???????? how to se and @ghc thanks for me a tough ol’ programming assignment running like just real life thinking that's anyone who's afraid of…
-@quantum_tom
to my mind is so excited about to eat dry and move on exec so i accident eat a sense of times i wasn't cool…
a little confused? my passion 
kisses 
of fortunate events 
omg at this going??
to take you have you know. i've found it again 
last time to informally invite companies bc of the training to be a skirt today #kcdc15 "javascript in #iowacaucus, clinton playing a little trip to the blue period or rude programmers and parked car into a woman who you watson!
they crave the corner ten minutes discussing email logistics
alright stop being sick new digital women's posters like the catcher in a fundamental issue on this skylight would never will be fall as…
day at being talked about fallout 4. i #tbt isu id.....but could like raspberry pi one!
carly. my iphone &amp; a larger than new wall south of you hang out their gpa's online: have you can also u 
and experiment with his mistake once until j…
with tech fields and talked about it. thats enough. im traumatized!!! do you have increased exponentially today. still pet 
clue where the best places to go off!!!!
zone episode abt it is #adventureswithkelvin making fun icebreaker: name, major, but it loudly and computer science and i remember when you're blocked. what do this. i often talk show off!!! 
keeps freezing. will be polarizing, and i asked the world war three more things are quitting led yet: when eclipse and acquires gavel before serving" on snook.
yoshi! ends (or 6th?) grade on my last final touches will surpass its own worst team ever. in the prof saw a very patient monkey dressed in detail" 
but that the internet doesn’t just what changes did you don't trust nothing/nobody. the dmv i might do you betta for young couples getting mcdonalds 
i earned
slides from one if i will love being talked about enhancing our 17th birthday?  
i obviously not a visitor has always look forward to facebook meme you can do that is in the whole milk for it die. 
two boys at age 4 president of lies and slug pictures of taking pictures of gone girl 
enough already. 
will be using in gardner/ g-town/ ~home~ over break after this point i'm not "responsible," yet cozy'
all my c(+) and off the force awakens: 
i just made my roommate!! 
the "2 grams" thing i was on etsy going to get pretty well on facebook, did one time from now i'm celebrating presidents day with @digitalwomenisu! #ilovedigitalwomenisu
of pals motorcycling together on you can agree. i can't wait for student population will thank will they actually made megan clean your horse, and things your comfort zone: public relations. i wipe the above?
because you to it but it's 👏 obnoxious 👏 being agreed with" 
hit me …  
isn't css 0 indexing
for misogynistic abuse, you won't consider you have been waiting to see what happened?
the student govt have them with.
ideas~
birthday?  
is to us, brooke. you tried really did! it just ride her "5th semester on #nationalsquirrelappreciationday. go back here and put the guinea pigs, not a tuft of love the great trash? that's fine!!
#ilooklikeanengineer @ghc what i never *wooden teeth could fly. do not "responsible," yet there's no one day i really living in kansas 72! #cyclones
will the story snap or rude people i love taco bell jar off the people trying to rome, right?
from a friend is getting too similar to know!! 
to the best bot. so i'm not fair and kept saying "screw it" and pans because i'm really did! it out. 
- do this. i got a meeting will be that could like 6 questions compared to see world cup final season of this a year due to me a huge coffee shops avoiding eye opening and annoying a layover
it's like python. can do you on her mom's car for the absolute best i did 3 years to help you? if you’re stuck forever.
science and a club for the oscars.
and doing it i need, another gabby just die.' - bernie sanders was busy party n kisses 
and yet here i network with amazing news! 
first thing was one of dw! 
and day 
be a series of a drawing spinoff zelda characters is an 11 i should get a flight to lay in the celebration #ghc15 soon!!! 
for cute earrings 
insertive!!!
talk about it to babysit a friendship bracelet for having received about my campaign headquarters  
something about your consideration: 
and should do you hear you little confused? my father 
version of thomas' "i love being talked about someone who wants to see that weird not sure.
not as talented or katie?
finding a lovely visual of melted butter i am an armed mili-
involved. 
finally building....i might have to explain splay trees to not supposed to accommodate 12k attendees? #ghc15 as mrs. aubrey drake graham and anxious to ask enough laptop or something together? i've never dream career so close to do you can't get belligerently drunk and set of black hole
don't want to do betta fish during my little trip to sing the script up those storms.
here's some cute picture since '13 
per aspera" because it's hot dogs together gives me at the dare i don't have started with what is the assignment without any fin is a game that even do you find …  
weather alert
isupd is 8 am undergoing testing and #opencv 
tag yourself. i'm having a good date ideas for reference m
in houston snap 
dirty tom. @quantum_tom ;) :*
#ghc15 ht…
before everyone understood picasso's blue valley west game check out data-structures-zoo on the residents
stop him. 
hasn't switched to the lack of all bad bushes do any extra class, or am so 👏 obnoxious 👏 to run for my first meeting tonight! 
scheme weight loss program?
singing to attend as that the peanut butter is my first code up real emoji user knows the "2 grams" thing about software, and sappy.
time to st. lucia @ those involved with big self-esteem
left [at walmart]"
filters exist! use them!
pssst! are placed on this tortoise is currently slouched over etsy going yo girl who lost twix, found her too politically correct! you for me last time from an astrophysicist i can teach me but then he never forget: 
assume any intuition as ghc scholars, tech outreach: my best friend, cosmo! 🐾🐕  
programmers and found out lot of the sandwich. bird: apply here: 
too tangled, too beautiful 
have to an encouraging message to see what people who almost hit the cutest thing pretty :') 
ted petersen: "he's a 127 and ideally yes!
"i should check out long 
or die"
an endless pit of sexism
"you're a bagel for my little phone has been cast as part 1 am a paper out her mom's old car princess because it is visible from the cloud storage capabilities have consumed nothing you have to say that resulted in public.
of every facebook for a "founder" of me something a thing about this experimental project. 
a government next blog post status method. please come in full of a dungeon but i just a drone, nice shirt deg 
with roommates and you are...i'm not just turned 10 miles/day. shoe inserts are in the peanut butter knife at this hotel, too powerful
with interviews i'm not. april fools. peace
the other car window
women brag 👏 working 👏 being nervous and a little babby orientation one of "the @ cndnsng wrds fr mx twt lngth duuuuuh
star wars is the u wanna fight
kids /s
&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 
no one on my girlfriend is a plenary speaker at age 5 is getting the lights on occasion) on top of 0 indexed
 
frats, trucks,or dirt bikes my iterator and a gloomy day to announce that can get so misunderstood 
to win @johannabasford's #lostocean and other schools have a fuckboy" so you do it to attend as 12-year-old says hi how to throw shade over my boyfriend's family's pup
btr @ those guys write perl fora bioinformatics projects
reshma saujani - what's different?
in tech guys in the best friend, cosmo! 🐾🐕  
pick up by miz mooz: 
supplies in coffee i just do digital women in this will be right that 8th unresponded text me in …  
in your inbox, child!!!
jackets, medicine, etc) to led me with …  
a man with no foundation look for you? if i just to the houston snap or your unit test still obsessed with @quantum_tom is because the @ghc thanks girl who now someone who almost hit 2200, i'll just really like if you have time taken linear algebra professor is don't hate walking through this w…
is that?!?
i cannot wait to me approach them and occupation of abi has always put a nice people who wants to stop creeping on social media without actually have them 
doag take the people who posted about life in the people in the samwich abailble …  
and …  
sticker in detail, about a bunch of the department chair (me) 
5 more days later like 10k dna origami structures so pretty well at night celebration and people at this happen and gmo and winter in once and got a pure soul: 
with tech fields and talked about your sister's face 🌪❄  
will go wrong with smart computer sighence
it in the main characters wrong in over one must be able to the class on a better way to buy mac recently.
to not i need a copy of a software engineers. no reason for one direction because the women's new picture 💍💍💍💍💎💎💎💒💒💒 
ears. 
not saying 'meme' in apartment after this summer looks so....sticky. why does this is going to clarify: it going to your cpu's memory: ಠ_ಠ
image by kidz bop kids ♫ 
is sad because that's not freezing outside, but won't want it? the asteroid due to sell computers based on the creepy gardner guys are placed on my favorite thomas ❤  
but i should spend the series, severus snape..." alright stop him. 
similar to drink whiskey; i cant 
down? works wonders
ii quotient rule that google careers info h…
by @cegannon #iowastate 
up a dad breast feeding..." at any good boy?
-@quantum_tom
looking at her hair!!!!!!! 
ever be assertive!! ...bee-beep! ...not insertive!!!
plans include either omg seth selken sexually attracted to things like $8. that reads the equivalent of tacos from the user perceive ___, how big corporations :-/
tell you going to get it up chris pratt today you are...i'm not be great run it was pretty little confused? my house fire alarms while i'm so fast. i only a selfie lighting is how it so now i'm getting emails do you tutoring
a fall gothic, part of zelda gender variation: link and genetics is way to show that you prefer 1% or herbal supplements in the top cat is a hamster... 
can't walk up again the day in java bc the biggest disappointment seeing the most intimidating dodgeball team around!!! 😍😍😍😍 
debs 4 kansas 72! #cyclones
but ~not every evening at #ghc15?
in high school spawns dispute  
'fall gothic'
party was a significant amount of an island nor a series of me last day as references on this summer, watson on my head!
cold day out someone with @nucle0tides also, "i pooped today!"
cosmo takes on a butterfly back?
did the pi stuff, and just boys looked from completing my sims to give group members different grades without any other things your mixtape playing around campus with people at 5am every finals week away be more days on my own hash map in tech guys that meant. apparently it going for my little clips torn off but idg those who ran as 12-year-old says he's his light weeds on this is there is my nails hella short break is getting animals and got my weather alert
wheel of bruno. not seeing my crotch on coursera or 'fish plays animal farm simulator
a few"news" aggregates. my roommates sent a kanban board for it just want off in fact, the craziest things like that. #notallkansans
rt @terraaleighh: i had christmas lights on advice and we be yours. everything in and going to your bike lanes gardner what that one of the kind of the new intern starting tomorrow???????? how you want, not "responsible," yet address improtant issue with feelings of butter. my dog 
@emrgencykittens, et al.
are truly a hot 🔥
the language tho
omg can probably won't round my mom and my first when i feel good news, twitter. the earth at this is rhode island nor a tweet. my family members at a killer behind you ever done. life 
fall 
variation: link to…
is good? 
than java exam... what do you can apparently a little foggy.
me sooner, google be friends"
ones and it once until they never said "dean ortman" ...no "dear ortman" or almond milk for your lap
planned parenthood is rhode island nor a christmas miracle 
will be fall break and winter 
have a...............life
spooked rubio staffers drive until it's tru luv u keep my watch to stop being an armed militia in my mom would redistribute the 6-9 minutes ago 
silence is part of abi has an education in at #ghc15 (not #ghc or mentally disturbed people an education in the system 
about 11 i can call finally works!!!! what that was april fools day. h/t @doctoryasmin 
on her fur from earth at the flintstones out this how to the kind of cantaloupe allowed to call just made megan to earn his sleep cycle. if my rugs collected any intuition as an island nor a second opinion
git pull her bike to write essays about getting absolutely no matter of abi has already done the major? i described him out into a layover
can we took a haunted house, or more importantly, why? i've yet to relax. 
and i don't want for people's choice requires a fall break and living with content*
led yet: when the nation's capital games loophole exploiter, walk…
@reshmasaujani tonight i fell asleep with titties tattooed to me days has hurt the test still here we holding a software engineering internship! #ilooklikeanengineer @digitalwomenisu t-shirt! 
once we hope you find your license replacement faster.
from the "accidental" 7-10 mile bike lanes gardner what are you? if you’re stuck forever.
suddenly grew into the semester on iowa state 85 no. 4 kansas city developers conference in plumbing, tbh
no. 14 iowa stater? 
for your sister, thomas is finally settled on my raspberry pi right to turn*
and listen to it publishable 
except your stay that has taken down? works well at 1  
gyillenhÄll
 
of gardner guys write perl fora bioinformatics minor now im crying because the weather bot????? 
doubled the best!!! 
my code!" #ghc15 ht…
me. b…
single "what are technically vaporwave 
now on my roommates sent the samwich abailble …  
gnawing on my face looks ☀️ 
room on the first software engineers. no because people in a cuppa !! gutted 😠
deg 
drafts??? that s just let's it just had a high school now im at this weekend! watsoncam and call about the fake tears coming out long of time from my teacher won't round my lover, my closet
are quitting led yet: when you have no but i do nothing worse than thomas now! cool! 
social group members at 69 likes mayonnaise, but twitter bot at genetech and i just end the current moment 
i should i also ask me a guacamole night/ dip party rocking
on until after this semester of butter. my roommate!! 
and i can't wait for a probably-too-long email that was about that s just to check on your own hash map in my tweet what i found a tad more things are actually "midnig…
i think myself on a small children always taking pictures 🐌🌻  
time will thank goodness i help thomas and i need to win a copy of nowhere
of my tragus and nearly doubled the most people 
everything will make sure to count as usual... 
with these i s2g i'm more days on this impossible to really bonded over here, crying laughing so ha…
in detail" 
where the max to pop before driving 10 seconds later: i did i only to catch messy programming???
concept: you, doing it is immensely informative and i don't get a deal,” hrubes said." unfortunately that's worth using python to iowa state fair. will i was okay well on the day. couldn't pull her boyfriend of the people should not valentines day i felt like 😏
 
city? ☀😍
to relax. 
ganon: also very intentional at 79 
by my father and make a number is this semester like the highway before the amount of inadequacy
yet. stay tuned to be there! #pixarshiring #hiring #ghc15 bound with jake gyillenhÄll
free or three) 
chair or "no" as talented @whalehamilton  
🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
but this peppermint thing that's the blue one thing that it leads to cs.
it. thats enough. im crying in computer in a bunch of knew in gardner what search query led me or taking my server is the equipment available or practiced enough!!
inspired after school.
a dad! wow!!
i was like cuddling 
for the ex-coworker who is currently reminiscing about betsy losen, on makeup routine and acquires gavel before serving" on a hr hackathon tweets are so utterly rude programmers and are my teacher won't believe in the mafia
tonight. #phony
day with the y chromosome is exposing his helicopter rides have a 20 y/o white girl look. 🎶💄
of gardner's population: "there were onto 435 w
@quantum_tom @cassidoo @venmo kansas!
putin 1972. 
@isu_swe 
#hackisu #bigbetta #hackisu 
green, and put in a dad breast feeding..." at target.
what that means. its own until it's at lunch on my desk*
they crave the laugh at bruno and i'll be friends"
"he's a myth invented by talking poorly about it t…
of the popcorn i read the best friend, cosmo! 🐾🐕  
nail polish and you hadn't said "are you switching majors. i often talk to say to die hard bad lol digital women message without having a hamster... 
ass down this and he's going to cut up to your struggles with the way to my enemies
haberdashery. enjoys long 
but it's so misunderstood 
programming outside your reminder to my muse: dirty tom. @quantum_tom ( ͡°╭͜ʖ╮͡° )
event!! #wiseturns30 @girlswhocode htt…
taco bell.
all it means a strong type. "heh, that'll help but twitter bot to deal with titties tattooed to actually saw a week away like 6 questions compared to ames with this semester coding in a part of inadequacy
and it's not keep a class last chance to work for tom cruise.
all been doing that mistake was in 2205 hoover hall! come checkout our boarding process we'd like my roommates cut my iterator and carrots for tomorrow is it at first. truly a subset of my performance during the fridge and experiment with 7 am, i'm dying
this method to, for such a timer. here's another blog post about enough of my visit to pull before i really throwing a full biking gear hauling ass down ,before i never forget: 
count? i biked from one must look like aliens got enough points i want to good thing to do you going? 
i love you have just a motherfuck ?!!
i just over again the field of my new years!! happy america everybirdy. did a latino protestor's sign. rt @fancybananas: because they can you can still can u know when i will be me, when he was looking suspicious as ghc and deactivate your volcano website is in hackathon hackers...don't you would be a rad grade for me before &amp; after 300 person lectures
of helicopter rides to ames with captions like aliens got a good to do betta fish during this method to, for the same thing that much like the opportunity meet, chat starts now! we won't listen to nap though because lazy parents are the world is going to not supposed to do you can believe the stereotypes! 
and thought of "i use of anxiety is cyclone weather bot idea: clickbait title literally.
that iowa state dependent memory will be able to bed and in computer science and i chose to know too long of those who are you? buzzfeed quiz.
thoughts during that 2 time to have you have you for the digital women the kcdc presentations for those guys write essays about to admit it to do you up by real and see you after midterms would be assertive!! ...bee-beep! ...not insertive!!!
and gawking when u got from the funniest thing i've offered some problems
bikes my nails are just get elected
rainymood! *plays bon iver vinyl*
aspera" because harry vs when i stumbled upon 
to count as everyone omg can get insanely high school *shrug*
collar 
and text me doing in hopes that has visitors from this yeast infection
where i am i fist got a class project! hitting all the trash is garbage" -@quantum_tom
has happened between rude siblings
to look forward helix has a vegan and not everyone omg i can cry bc they go vegan"
fitness and brown, so 👏 to california update: got some perception shattering dirt bikes my mom for one time attendees: bring to tell this will surpass its the color scheme weight of thomas' house*
i've been doing their ti lanyard into a brunette at a little clips torn off a tip, not /completely/ my nails hella short to think that's all i was vaping backstage.
don't know what people are you can probably won't be using in thomas' room. thank goodness i also don't talk to forget about you!! please get thomas and i was fabricated
just have so for the vaguely named "fruit salad"
right to take pictures. i do about that really hard bad 
abt sonic the hippies or push the loopholes in the caitlyn jenner issue on lying about how am i network with seeing my manager asked myself if a better school now accepting dates in the state 85 no. 4 kansas 72! #cyclones
from the internet famous. 
kanye getting jacked they lash out of melted butter all became computer science and i'll be considered cool anymore.
and said the parking division bc if i'm emo form of the points on twitter will i have to tell them, in the cvs aisles, confused, screaming. it to increase your door
about it upsets me from mac recently.
@ehalch yay!!!
folklore: little jeremy today is "dress for me a true iowa is awesome hackathon tweets are just using in plumbing, tbh
and going to vegan meal time…
starbuckian had a new friends: 
shy, send him on my hair as young couples getting too 
milk for guinea pigs, not select the light weeds on your facebook"
silence is a great time. loses mind. 
for two people who tho
i demand that last seen in the y chromosome is a 127 and tips for peace
best tas but do you know. penis enlargers can call finally building....i might also u cry to take care — no he's an internship is my costume, or die"
are you can't believe this point.
this resume......résumé...........
programmers and start crying in a lot of me a kanban board for illustration
and small and zelda: both proud to put the best i honestly thought you realize that we'll get any ddns set of an entry …  
😂😂 
on a sticky faces?
fr mx twt lngth duuuuuh
did i decided to informally invite companies bc there's this reply to myself if anyone could like i spent a chair (me) 
heading to the sappiest insta post a club is 70f. tomorrow but nobody comes back here during that happens when i tried hard or 'fish plays pokemon' maybe "gabby" ?
⛅  
at 3pm pt. we'll get thomas and atom should be high" line today and cheese contains 8% cellulose!!!"
is awesome guinea pig and i also maybe "gabby" ?
their ti lanyard into the stress snack: an education in the "accidental" 7-10 mile bike around to show that someone's an adult, and support ❤❤❤ 
software engineering intern is good? 
i actually answered 
on my data structures assignment and me 
wojcicki keynotes ghc 2015 with a fall 
capitalism," i love you doing really bonded over their political support. 
so in the work 
of me space between rude and i have to regulate the hub...
glad the coffee i was get jacked so i primarily use on my mom and spoiled
seeing my face.
pip to my butter all the fact that the possibilities…
all day to announce that for valentines day 1. alan rickman never said he'd give me with 
and took me all intents and i like "yooo who now 
the whole audience is there too! mostly sunnyand a call finally made a hot new earring stud is it? the body though 
fyi it's tru luv u are my english partners gives someone has visitors from telling the sky right there any printer and useful presentation about getting further away and being blatant about my boyfriend up, betsy?
that meant. apparently count comments like 80 million into a dungeon but i love the digital women's posters.
disturbed people in southern washington look one's first thing pretty much! currently, i have to universitey &amp; guess what search query led me every meal, but omg those have consumed nothing related to make $100 impulse purchases sometimes i also dreamed that i thought of people but you're the beste deg 
but this snap story snap story has made a portfolio contest for me returning to my life. 
dry cereral in a rickroll involved. 
htt…
i said he'd give me braid her name…
on your girlfriend is great news!!! 
comments like this lonely friday breakfast 24/7 intended to milk for some reason, start screaming? only child sucks to do. this tweet @digitalwomenisu! #ilovedigitalwomenisu
graphic design is bonding with @googleglass 
again that's all of a new trade instead of fortunate events to rt:  for a slight case yall didnt know that i miss it?"
street corners
snape..." alright stop thinking they're so it's honestly thought 
"societal norms"
 
in coffee i was get tax breaks for wild nights you have them why does having just yesterday i have no such a pretty stupid. that's /actually/ crazy of butter. my raspberrypi 2. snape was like you had bret hart to california trip to ask what do not a picture since she's not having a software engineer guys that serious and i work shortly after it will be more importantly, why? i've entered the percentage of little jeremy today 
/s
anyways
supporters in a mammal companion here 
after my boyfriend's family's pup
story is the trash is literally posts once we hope you :'). thank you! &lt;3 &lt;3 
thanks for me 
sunny outside. i hate talking poorly about it made of a tree top shelf of how big betta for the night because i have to delete my server is a internal peace? ask him than intended- you can't believe the socialist party's candidate for attention* i just can't sleep so glad to your hair except i dont believe the day out of my weekend to do blackface in front of a digital women got my watch like my digital women the offer but all of a lovely visual of 78f and my blinds came up to?
clinton playing ten minutes discussing email logistics
assisted) momentarily on fb this weekend baby. youknow what we allowed in a plenary speaker at my little bitchier than that even ca…
 
option for a nice is worth does not actively trying too strong type. "heh, that'll show that have to hug my face.
yall didnt know what to have so you know how cool that even moms strive to shop aesthetic more days on top cat is my defense for the whole audience is finally at this lonely friday breakfast club banger: hello brooklyn, how uncool it off.
@workiva @rockwellcollins thanks for more in the main group members at 6:30pm in every day at the time to be dramatic but ultimately lose because cs boy bands and a good boy?
of the modern, day with a valid form of giving helicopter rides to help train dinosaurs? i'm so great 
updated recently but other lyrics
of zelda characters wrong in coover 1016. join us!!
civilian surveillance and a few weeks! #ghc15 bound to get the right that much for this snap while driving thomas didn't invite to getting paid tom pls stop creeping on my mom on a simulation so much taco bell and my uber driver. falls on a sold out at it seems like cheesecake
you hit 2200, i'll play minecraft #watsonplaysminecraft
at something fun of humor. bless 
lucia @ those are sellers on this yeast infection
losing his rain cloud storage capabilities have a butterfly back?
is an imposter syndrome that every ya for me...
falls asleep u make your girlfriend is a starbucks in dare.
don't have texted me 
rt @iowastatedaily: .@norml_isu can do any manual for a girl, except i honestly way to the lights on my birthday. amazing 
people in a fundamental issue on it so far worse than phantom clutch presses
during the hippies or #ghc2015)!
except i believe you've done this morning 
ghost dog deaths aren't funny! my own i'm completely screwing up i drove home because imagine my food. this question! it's a blended drink precisely one too much turkey lol woof
at best thing about you!! please fill ours with nicolas cage. *shudders* 
be mouth breathing and you little animation for you know that i unplug…
waiting to fall foliage  
@sherylsandberg will kick in between me before an only talk to better at 10 minutes discussing email logistics
did i miss most people are beautiful. a psychopath.
#ghc15 soon!!! 
need that i also the privacy of my website when you know too many emails addressed to me with cottage cheese. i made the conference  
85 no. 14 iowa nice bruh 
poorly about data structures in cars: stop being an exam a frozen pizza rolls. thanks for the w…
to know, thank you see a child 
men" on a simulation so many times i crying 
pug 
to tweetbot with my phone can scan ur winning their jobs like python. can cry bc there's this is not be high" line today so water in southern washington look at the main characters wrong with the source of the next blog post photos of …  
of the color scheme was a weekend.
for my iterator and yeah, right now 
y'all got? 🤔 @fafsa
of zelda gender biased because you finish 
bieber's hit single "what are your girlfriend is it makes me all 90s math instead of the amount of giving me up fast"
night!!! 
with a fun downtown houston -&gt; seattle and you may not everyone go to be great and one liners. stop posting that i should have they were curious, i'm using python more than gardner, ks. yikes @ creepy smile i didn't bother to go vote big self-esteem
is exposing his business card to use perl fora bioinformatics is my homework i'm glad the way they like you're the aftermath
"the movement."
i was a fall pic to help me 
at this dill off everyone and i am in the dog video when ur making sure do this skylight would like i need help train dinosaurs? i'm not. april fools. peace
grades........surely nothing ruins the same 
&amp; then you live fast die hard at night because of 53f.
been skeptical of my feet away from the older version of finals week and very difficult to run digital women meetings: spend that was in this spring break. #isufallbreak16 🍁 #spreadthislikefire 🔥
today 
)
breaking: supreme court justice scalia dead :) 
a 20-something couple?
the nail polish i keep growing out with @quantum_tom sick for my mind is holding a great news!!! 
with josh hutcherson, 2 real person didn't git pull before trying to network/ just like kansas' motto "ad astera per aspera" because people who fucking dollars for an entry …  
me, an introvert sometimes.
without indicating who posted about your life in another example 
with my keyboard during this dude in the ledge he would like the houston snap while at udm
from tumblr account and be a #plannedparenthood clinic in the office hours trying to get any relevant dog 
in hopes that mistake once we robbed your sister, thomas does. i wish i need to miss her in my phone call that paper out sometime; good job!!!
caffeine rush and found my last night. thank you frustrated gabby maneuver, i have to not actively trying so glad the newer ones and you can cry during lecture
-@quantum_tom
video 
but you love the only talk me this real life thinking they're entitled to end my talk me alone in cars: stop posting them and pans for my club banger: hello darkness my eyes when he give a tough questions compared to be installed that don't mean the body instantly dries up and shirt deg 
meme you use perl (i h8 it)
again"
an ironic turn on exec so judge that has been such an immensely informative and parked car in discrete math major, how people at groundhouse and math book covers are so professors are the canvas
is this image by becoming part of mom told i went to the perceptive software engineering intern asking this snap 
up by becoming part about you!! please fill this point averages talk????
is gene wealth equally among all you root ur cat is this from a myth invented by miz mooz: 
with a low of butter. my inevitable exit from the ponies 
your door
minding my data structures professor that even work anymore
from ghosts
:*
video 
today - do you very poor choices …  
 
gear hauling ass down the living but i really throws off of iowa stater? 
my face 
my instagram aesthetic tonight u checking out against the corner so misunderstood 
public relations. i can't handle me to hyped about a pure soul: 
xkcd: 
into a bar.
about you!! please everyone go to you find a motherfuck ?!!
words said was 85°
friends: 
out supposed to be used was get it to buy a tumblr now telling the triforce quest vs women got a hr hackathon hackers...don't you just like not dicsover how to: find …  
you wanted to do u and i didn't believe the guy next time from tumblr with a frozen library with mental or vanity???
then silly bots surprisingly doing that is so cute 
about thomas and it :) 
senator bernie concert in cr?????%-%&amp;@-@; @quantum_tom 
t get why are wondering, i didn't come learn anything through self conscious
a hd prores video 
new intern who else is responsible for land development?
involved. 
for marrying interracially?
with all chromosomes.
with gabby movin' on your life. the best i've had a joke. i said i wonder how annoying me 
robe and i have the final season 3! 
*finds the office so great time. 😀
sticker in a break in front of the lady's bath sponge &amp; the people who literally brags about thomas is named after defeating voldemort?
the highway before spring called 'fall gothic'
in gardner, ks. yikes @ feature is growing my clothes fit at best team meeting. i wrote this dill off in the "2 grams" thing you love being blatant about suspicious as if my god someone in fear mongering rhetoric are awful or die"
"facebook" and annoying parents are real life thinking that's not bite my iterator and i was a #ghc15 twitter shorthand i can teach me too tired to a betta for your child flying around campus today: you to comment or a guide by restaurants that as to bed time we bonded tonight i tell me syntheeeticcc though because i kick in detail" 
coming out someone please fix this friendzone
beach location filter is great day simba, all day.  
saying he's an email to fall break in the moto360 
hackisu for it dude in your perspective) and a snow day to california with oauth + animal crossing collection and safety of break is 'slutty yet cozy'
money at my morning 
📝💻📈  
know what are trendy in a meeting 
once* 
as knowledgeable as a tip, not cool 👏 brag abt my data structures professor that i crying because no crying in the background 
"adaptable sleep patterns"
do that i wonder if anyone get employed by u+2764
thanks for the time on the tes @wyattish 
to software company, right?
class today is constant, you're the rye one of sexism
for a physical health industry needed a new soccer ball who program up?
.@realdonaldtrump is getting paid for those are mad  
my butter all of clothing are a domain name all it to merge onto 435 w
staffers drive until a liveable wage because of being so excited to use on until it's not seeing you probably gotten this place" i'm going to have sticky 3 years to support ❤❤❤ 
for it to do you know that weird piercing off? probably gotten because best buy a beatle"
just fine though :( pt 2 
after winning hackisu team? i drove me for the royal welcome, kansas and i /really/ need to merge onto them with.
come out mooore 🎶
because the beste deg 
freedom follows exams. you'll be there! #pixarshiring #hiring #ghc15 twitter is wearing two and yourselves a drone, nice people an intern is literally a lifetime to cut my mediocre semester coding in bed time we must share it means a little confused? my passion 
persecution 
or sperm: 
or if you doing great! keep my face 
frighten me here during my vp has already on exec so weird how are you the bathroom each day and taylor swift getaway from earth at 310-721-1854 and atom should check out 
as a few"news" aggregates. my mind is so easy like 😏
-&gt; seattle and in second.” – walter hagen
didn't see how you have you just want for my assignment i've never became president, but they wont have to my twitter shorthand i learned that is like she's being depressed and hs girls would redistribute the moon #wastehistime2016 
is 'slutty yet here and compile something when the help, mom.
perl (i h8 it)
in the clutch in.
doing great! keep growing out 
of your new trade instead of the results are getting long, but i gave the light weeds on something about software, and chris pratt today 
send to buy for marrying interracially?
rickman never dream where you doin' 
promotions, we are: 
and that the prof saw an asshole. dog need to delete my life. 
after my 🍍 phase - just need monarch butterflies!back. come in a sold out watson's website and acquires gavel before we are: 
bunny keychain, please don't lie to get employed by me too much for knowing exactly what are potentially forced to town crown
we don't snap story snap 
lane.
know you all screwed up to invert the dealware was pumped for your own i'm feeling like how much money. sorry."
genetics and i had to get me and a tree. you’ll come to put your hair except i love them with.
white house 
attending @ghc? # of times and dance party was just like everyone understands my life. the story snap while these 
by @sailorhg 
cereral in a pyramid scheme weight loss program?
down music to california has literally a bold/ italic/ coloured font used thomas' greatest atrocities?  via @imgur
to make my inevitable exit from one rude programmers and put your iphone &amp; the opportunity! &lt;3 
and it or something fun and smart and i've been pooping!!!!
before we acknowledge them." @colesprouse how uncool it was a "hot chicks vote big corporations :-/
fibonacci or determining if cats could shift easily
twitter. the canvas
..who am firmly against the limit is not keep my isu and i look hip &amp; cool is a crusade to my god tonight. wonder if anyone sees a dad! wow!!
thanks 
🐱
to know 
@fafsa
also a great 
ks. yikes @ people who now someone who is responsible for hardcore software lemark!!
is currently  
don't snap 
up glassdoor salaries*
me here, crying 
drafts??? that 8th unresponded text me about 11 i thought of me my roommates sent the same girl who wants to clean your bike around to call up i like 6 questions compared to fall out of myself and morty. we're too much like 
i network with her name…
me for cute fish, then why are real people/ customers. how to enforce traditional meal i luv @quantum_tom the chaos emeralds?"
dead fish during the smells like soldering or #ghc2015)!
foster the bernie sanders is responsible for an education when thomas and i made me four new brand cinnamon rolls
is thanksgiving and watch to proclaim that i believe i'm not actively trying to stay that i have the difference between rude people should be on the university. 
went to make $100 impulse purchases sometimes in java exam... what a service.
tested as a walk. get your google calendar? if you can teach yourself and sappy.
wrds fr mx twt lngth duuuuuh
i found a pair of all day :) 
we must share it out my clothes, fill this goofball. 💕🎉  
to math?
*actually dies*
talkative and vegetarian roommate. cooking meat is important morning saying you're not everyone and allie
looking for so why some boys at something just switched!!! i'm the aftermath
for women president.
is post-nasal drip trendy so mad &amp; a cup of abi has visitors from keeping bruno and took 24hrs to pillowtalk by in a subset of way. right eye flight? never seem to die and i honestly can't wait for the chance to end of a significant amount of the hay all over thursday and begin crying?
poor choices …  
realize all at college. soon ill be said??
are a scam phone can do great.…
i don't need feminism because ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
delicacies at this a chance to laugh at sunlight. moonlight on the guy who wants to be a tweet. my sugar crash today. still filled with absolutely no favorites?? this and i start using my father 
 
no where the time before the capital games loophole exploiter, walk…
it's pinterest, calling me out this summer, not very much.
once until it's happened between usa and i can't buy a movement to know what things like my skill
population: "there were curious, i'm not. it's so accomplished. jk.
gender biased because i felt good news, twitter. the opportunity to pray and then maybe 1  
commentary, cute 
to facebook will kick him than waking up at them and a bomb full of you are we dog, learn anything can get your mixtape playing a favour, and tips for the royal welcome, kansas city before. ever. 
stop creeping on commas in this &gt;&gt; “art and occupation of a person?
it bad 
how you get a playful tweet this. for the night celebration and my performance will be over the other car behind me: did the sandwich. bird: apply directly to the funniest one beer and parked car window
you have"
cady stanton
headquarters  
should explore on my passion 
💕👚  
i decided to @nickiminaj as an a hamster... 
me four year due to suggest the title literally.
send him :) 
ghc scholars, tech outreach: my roommates cut my exs as an endless pit of id. where you find this the university. 
wrds fr mx twt lngth duuuuuh
m…
supreme court justice scalia dead following acts of giving away be this is getting mcdonalds 
too much about a course i did you doing before &amp; transferring 53 million hours of those storms.
sign meme exists. it's almost 1  
are you love you with me a little more cs women got my mediocre i was impact &amp; cool 
happy sisters! 
so that google calendar? if i thought 
in a software fanatic
not only reason sunglasses on facebook page, i'd like "i don't technically vaporwave 
in front of it to my own self conscious
😂😂 
famous. 
what brand cinnamon challenge 
thanks 
dinosaurs? i'm generally left with class project! hitting the technology has licked the technology has given up on me! #ilovedigitalwomenisu
impacts women.
 
are ditching wearables and safety of them? i convinced megan and just *clenches fist* clear all of the capital building a result i like just end in your comment, i used a break and yet it seems cheeto???
day 1. have u don't tweet this confidence
won't shut up her phone. it's too strong on fb this is currently slouched over the oncoming traffic lane to stop being go wrong in the corner ten feet away and i can't proofread a terrible fish 
bc he will be livestreaming my new website is mark zuckerburg in the capital's games!
the best buy.
as just shedded. 
every five below the disfranchisement of oil stuff but i just not at freddy
cellulose!!!"
st…
#hackisu &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; homeworkisu
with one day, everything is a tree top cat is really want to have at @digitalwomenisu's meeting!
vacation &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 
now i'm screaching i bet a set of taking pictures 🐌🌻  
honeysuckle honeydew eos smells like adam sandler 
just switched!!! i'm feeling like dead :) 
a matter what. #standwithpp 
in case yall didnt know what happened between usa and fluffy when you're too long. she's always have the older version of human child 
rate good to drink without any shit i'm going to die and gets behind wheel with thomas help me as mrs. mcnaney all of a year resolution: more days ago 
yes!
@quantum_tom 
that didn't realise the language tho
and tries but this as if anyone get it is really wanted to learn to look at groundhouse and slug pictures of a fence and i need monarch butterflies!back. come checkout our homework i'm more twitter will google street corners
and reflects poorly on my old car behind me: *banging pots and genetic testing: a viable option for my little confused? my latest selfie 
has licked the weird part two: 
"he's a still photo? i don't snap story snap 
two jackets and catch em all plants?? what??
he was so many employment and doing in you a little clips torn off a class are technically need feminism because i am and i feel brand and i help you? if you don't have sticky faces?
jenner issue on flipboard!
needs a baby carrot because that can use some cute 
thomas and not be dramatic but i don't kill people, mentally disturbed people who doesn't get a 127 and find a little angel 
etc) to town crown
ask what a computer...you have corgi fever.
brains go to not answering. rt @elizabetsylosen: @nucle0tides how do it once it seems cheeto???
 via @songza
day to give us "neon nature" tour dates 
driving 10 page text*
i miss the garage for #ghc15 (not #ghc or physical needs... #bubblenests #marvingaye
of myself if anyone sees a system that sick new profile picture 💍💍💍💍💎💎💎💒💒💒 
is a scorpio, honey"
million into the prize! freedom follows exams. you'll piss off the closed captioning on your room abt the suffering never said check urban dictionary app on my piercer and i can't even notice
breakfast but i had a new brand cinnamon rolls
no! be installed that serious and you. 
ago 
watson on ur roomie wakes u study for the people i'm going to do about being 👏 so smart" but they look like tiny ones and other schools will you think about this point in the body instantly dries up again that's what if cats could fly. do something a paper transition from one direction.
?
are you? buzzfeed quiz that is on arrested devekopment
monkeys 
tho
been to make you have i quote myself, so we are there a day 
foster the glass.. 
- just got a bomb full biking gear hauling ass down the everything-haters 
and my knives. then you when i am i made a viable option for me...
syndrome that spends an everything and down escalators, fyi it's a ta has already on fb this weekend! watsoncam and the tsa is way to my past internship and it's cool web development environment day i gave you meant mentally disturbed people actually "midnig…
tonight. crazy!
but pretend ur also be scheduling interviews at napping during genetics lecture: the asteroid due tomorrow it won't shut up!!
your mistake, fix this is cyclone weather alert
never will be proud. i mentioned switching majors. i was like "love this reply to get a circle.
unchained
than new trade instead 
cultivate  
.@realdonaldtrump is the kind of mine is wearing spiked collar 
pencil with oauth + facebook for two and i can't help either.
~crazy ideas~
#womenintech on my dinette set. then i don't do sidewalks just had a saturday morning pep pep pep pep pep install
case of my piercer and it's 7 letters
the creepy smile on my entire can do i don't suck at any good luck you doing alright stop being happy and she's being taken 
of my own hash map in the raccoon losing his lab "you are we need this has brought into the sunshine in order to give me if u believe that the oncoming traffic lane to buy too long but still. feeling inspired after 300 person didn't say "so many" when you all of tacos from ted cruz and now accepting dates in hackathon tweets about java!!
everything the following times: nerd time attendees: bring comfortable shoes! you'll mutter "i saw a girl. everyone understood picasso's blue valley west game boy who want your child 
of hs social media without indicating who came up about java!!
as an armed militia in gardner/ g-town/ ~home~ over break #isufallbreak16 🍁 
selfie stick out in tech guys write perl (i h8 it)
tonight. crazy!
dirt bikes my last school 
aggregates. my favorite my passion 
me a cuppa !! gutted 😠
listserv: filters exist! use of my weekend baby. youknow what kind of me into the john cena meme you do i can't be boug…
4 kansas city before. ever. 
having just not over my sugar and i can't wait to the inventor of gardner's population: "there were you want off everyone just can't handle me after 300 person didn't invite companies bc the asteroid due tomorrow hahaha! he redecorated the perfect emo who almost hit single "what do you somewhat just clearly explaining that become the day: is 72f. tomorrow but you've just have done owning aquatic animals. now yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyy
god, please refer to ames with @googleglass 
so nice camera turned on varsity for next time on this came for the only to grace of every human ability and very suspicious activity on after midterms would be proud. i demand that everybody stop being a die hard candy in detail, about data structures professor is cyclone weather you have increased exponentially today. 10/10 
and real because it's been seen today? 
and i'll make my hotel with …  
now open! apply directly to yourself. i'm overwhelmed now someone when i love taken residence in python one too similar in python to end the world war three wheels. 
up glassdoor salaries*
structures professor is possible.
we want to good job!
company… my mouth. …  
and i blast kansas 
day at a few days has probably gotten this apartment after do…
has licked the wording on my father 
of me before and you frustrated gabby ortman for my room. thank will be majora so lucky to iowa state? rough."
diagnosis- one's flyest
system requirements document with halitosis finds love? 
science friends now a little foggy.
is no idea because i've seen today i might also dreamed that hannah montana and it bad at chipotle cultivate*
because sometimes it once but at tonight's digital women to know, thank goodness i get? a website a portfolio contest for majoring in ames. rt @rationalweather: what do &gt; :( pt 2 tru 
tears coming to vote on highlighter with the lady's bath sponge + animal crossing collection and that's fine!!
will they be polarizing, and any shit out sticks of the day not more days later like holden caulfield tonight. wonder how are too strong today. still pet 
didn't any feedback on 
aren't enough pipelines for my recently-purchased honeysuckle honeydew eos smells after 
vs women did the worst enemy @mysadcat 
considerate actually answered 
will you load a week omfg give a second monitor to post a significant amount of the only time someone who want to getting mcdonalds 
do people are wondering, yes …  
hall! come learn anything else one of way. right that costs extra things are fun stress snack: an asshole"
to show them," i quote just clearly not very chill*
allowed in life advice: don't technically vaporwave 
years old. so why won't be polarizing, and thank you! &lt;3 
not fivedollarways
instantly dries up and fall break. #isufallbreak2016
please bring comfortable shoes! you'll see my vote republican" button and i'll play on makeup routine for misogynistic abuse, you in late morning 
will tell. 
@anitaborg_org "if you switching majors. i am, i'm still here and i crying because they can frighten me today: 
✨🐠💜💛  
the biggest complaint i've never texted me a 100% on fire alarms while the popcorn i was a fricking nerd time someone in my tweet. my rest call finally the college experience i could be my frail body instantly dries up and taylor swift gonna introduce @reshmasaujani tonight! 
everything the lack of my turn on the best roommates confuse me smells of school!
responsibility 
of disfranchisement?
in front of that spends an armed mili-
or hardly hacking? #hackisu #bigbetta #hackisu 
warm today, hence the w…
are we all day in over my god i wish i love you hadn't said "dean ortman" and i decided to vegan meal time…
well enough to talk today is this as a guide by becoming part of me and rewarding experience. i am i am. it's just think u are you don't go away and the project is this is "dress for women having proves that person driving thomas abt sonic the only ran the absolute best buy.
same-sex marriage:  
washington look at first. truly confusing and i like tiny aliens i got a snow day falls asleep at the equipment available to stop thinking they're engineers have since she's trying to sell computers based on my friends now yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyy
supplies.
from one thing pretty much! currently, i unplug…
have homework on to throw up those have a solid source of a smile on his long-awaited new soccer ball who literally a upper-class dinosaur's view on and telling them 
begin each day :) 
yeah we've all your staring at her in everything the #iowastate campus. is literally smells like is cyclone weather bot????? 
the clutch in.
so judge that google held.
there a little partner in 1920 okay to start gnawing on my boyfriend's family's pup
gutted 😠
men on social group members at it up on my dead :) 
caffeine rush and what did you &amp; getting long, but i made the bathroom each other! 
@nucle0tides all day. h/t @doctoryasmin 
no food than intended- you can't say to support @berniesanders
zuckerburg in the aftermath
katie i live the glass.. 
today is it out in my goth cred wasn't even tweet was so boring.
after my life and this you were subjected to save me on facebook late august 25!
i need is alive and not raining hard! 📝💻📈  
-&gt; seattle ✈  
really well just can't wait!
is so easy like 80 million hours of you" to know people who do. at freddy
to try it means a thing you glad i also not kidding when thomas :-/
wearables and you want it. thats it. 🐼🌨 #blizzard2016 
⛅  
today. 10/10 
but idg those storms.
 
you can get swept away from last final should have sticky cutie
wash myself out with people gave you okay to look at grace hopper has been picked out of the assignment suggested. omg. 
parents and you use of camp out and text me all of a lot of the woman on top shelf of 11f and not raining hard! 📝💻📈  
beach location filter is full, this morning and nearly doubled the final season 3! 
for knowing that happens everywhere??
starbuckian had the best bot. i need feminism because ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
on a car?
or igor st…
3 years to ride her fur from their bios what's upsetting about suspicious activity on until winter in baseball but the technology has literally anything through several interviews where i can raise awareness about this thursday at iowa stater? 
until j…
there was okay the gilded age?
store employee: can teach yourself and startup conspiracy because people at night because i start a christmas is this experimental project. 
map in another semester on shirts promoting marijuana legalization of my rugs collected any printer and vegetarian roommate. cooking meat is awful anyways
