RT @BobRossGameDev: A NullReferenceException is like when you try to invite someone over for tea before you’ve met them. Say Hello first. I…
Every day I pass a loud preacher by the library I get closer to dressing in gold robes and shouting the word of Talos in a nordic accent.
"Whew, programming project is finished and boy am I sick of staring at my laptop!" I think to myself as I log in to Netflix.
Just wishing I had Bret Hart to help me with this project. https://t.co/LGB9AmlyaY
ToDo list:
0. Learn about sorting arrays
1. Weep over keyboard
2. Complete programming assignment before midnight tomorrow
It's harder than I thought it would be to draw a pentagram by the light of this blood moon.
Things are going well already as I've arrived comically early for the open mic night at the Last Laugh in Des Moines. http://t.co/QOB63C4NkB
When desk graffiti makes you feel just a little bit better. Thanks, stranger delinquent. http://t.co/0DP98leViZ
"Doing no shave November huh?"

"No, my facial hair is a product of neglect every month."
ARE SOCKS UNDERWEAR?
@TheHKopesky @BitchmasterEvan I don't trust a company that puts balls in vacuums and calls it revolutionary.
@BitchmasterEvan Clearly the only solution is to avoid public handwashing.
@BitchmasterEvan If only there were a disposible, biodegradable towel made from renewable resources.
I'm always amazed at how thoroughly air driers fail to perform the only task they're designed to do.
It's not that I think Bruce Braley isn't literally Hitler, I'm just sick of the ads about him.
Opener has been done for quite a while, but we're still waiting. Im starting to lose faith in the Lorde.
Surrounded by hundreds of Betsy clones at the Lorde concert.
"Hey, Ted, what are you doing?" 
"WHAT ARE ANY OF US DOING?"
Today's time card: 8am-10am Sweep unit, take out trash, have existensial crisis.
Frown.
Shake head.
Mutter list of tasks under breath.
Repeat until coworkers think I'm insane. 
Succeed in looking busy.
@ElizabetsyLosen I'd like to take this opportunity to recommend cargo shorts. Cargo shorts: for when a candy bar is part of your daily carry
Stuggling to remove text book's shrink wrap.
Notice kid using buck knife to open his.
Shrug, take out own knife.
Community college.
I'm currently watching the rain far off on the horizon and watering the grass with my tears.
@TheHKopesky Only if it involves a lighter, a ballpoint pen, and pridefully displaying our aryan heritage on our respective butt cheeks.
It saddens me that many American women are missing out on the pleasant sensation of blow drying their armpit hair.
@ElizabetsyLosen This is not a good time for introspection.
Do you think Will Smith can still rap like back in the day, or would he need time to refresh his memory?
@nucle0tides Can I get those shoes with velcro straps?
@nucle0tides You owe me a new pair of pants after retweeting Betsy's birthday tweets. I STILL HAVE TIME.
@TheHKopesky You're just as jelly as his fuel tank in the winter.
@ElizabetsyLosen Find a quieter snack you inconsiderate intern.
RT @birbigs: It's not that I don't like living. It's just I love sleeping.
My girlfriend is a feminist until it's time to do any manual labor.
"So what value did you derive from existence today?" -Ted learns to small talk
@TheHKopesky I just built a shelter with the bricks I shat.
Well, time to keep one earbud out so I can listen for the sound of a freight train.
"Hot enough for ya?" "Yeah, but I bet this weather is great compared to the dust bowl, eh gramps?"
@mike_ironmike Southwest CR of course. Probably because kids over there play that Grand Theft Automoblie television game.
Kicking it mold school. http://t.co/eAj2QyRahv
Further evidence that our suspect is not the sharpest hammer in the toolbox was found upon the discovery that the backdoor was unlocked.
Some hooligan did a b&amp;e, and apparently decided they just wanted to kick a door down, as nothing was stolen. http://t.co/RuNA9QolUv
Got a delivery of butts. http://t.co/yK0AI1XVVZ
@andirazo @herro_its_jon  You can't not post the birth video.
Take that, one handed people!
"Drinking from an old sprinkler is no worse than an old water fountain," I tell myself. "Except for the lead paint," my jaundice tells me.
By spiders knarled corpse was a small red poster. Under a piture of a white web was written, "Keep calm and spin on." I'm sorry, spiderbro.
Though it pains me to have to resort to chemical warfare, I had to Raid the spider's hideout. Sirens blared a warning, but far too late.
I've resorted to dropping propaganda leaflets typed in 2 pt font calling for the spider's unconditional surrender.
I just watched a wolf spider climb into the cab of the skid loader. The spider watched me weep tears of horror before it dissapeared.
Why is this trashcan so heavy? Oh, it's literally full of rocks. Thanks, Obama.
Kicking it old spool http://t.co/7BMxer1V3r
Things I've learned tonight: My girlfriend is a latey and @birbigs signs posters as Mike Birscribblia http://t.co/DEegD9UN3v
Here turkey turkey turkey...
Look at me and this stud! http://t.co/focrGDQZlx
Somewhere a train conductor trains conductors.
Having a nerdgasm http://t.co/xA6egM0Euw
How many plumbers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two. One to screw it in and one to cut up pvc pipe and throw it all over the place.
Melting frozen urine in the portajohn with my fresh stream of unfrozen piss #justconstructionthings
Spent my whole life wondering "where's my waterbuffalo?" As it turns out everybody does NOT have a waterbuffalo.
Well Im sick of this heat.
I'd like to remind everyone that when in doubt, the answer is always hydrogen bonds.
Write out tweet. Misspell something. No suggestions for how to spell it on phone. Give up. Cry. Urinate on dictionary to make english mine.
RT @NightValeRadio: All's well that ends and then is misremembered and then forgotten.
Jamming to music only I can hear would be less weird if I were wearing headphones.
I put the angst in gangsta.
@ElizabetsyLosen That is not a direct quote. I simply implied you were casually racist towards muggleborns.
Had a mutual break up that's all Betsy's fault.
@ElizabetsyLosen I'm not gay, you lint-licker!
Weigh ins at linn mar beginner tourny. Those 44 lbs kids can be scary..... adorable.
@ElizabetsyLosen I just realized you own a lot of plaid...
"WILL IT? Will it be that not?" -@elizabetsylosen
Shoutout to my fellow Americans who are also too lazy to shower on Christmas
Looking forward to pwning some Christmas n00bs tomorrow.
Enduring listening to an awkward 'how do I know you' conversation. My internal cringes are at 11.
@TedHasSpoken Get up you lazy turd, one more final and you're done giving yourself pep talks,
@ElizabetsyLosen it's most certainly belly button cancer.
I'm like a child who can't sleep on Christmas Eve. Except instead of joyous anticipation I'm filled with dread for my impending 8 am class.
My attire gets more and more formal as it gets closer to laundry day.
Do not trust the glowing orb in the sky. It will put the idea of cancer into your skin's mind.
Happy birthday @ElizabetsyLosen! #bday #awesome #hashtag #yoloswag420
Food is my favorite color!
Why don't we have a school store that's called Linn-Mart?
F5 F5 F5  WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! #ISDCWT
"Charlie, you should use a dictionary sometime."   "Psh, thats not even irrelevant."
I want to hear Mitt Romney fart! - @elizabetsylosen
@cecilyrobinson I've checked my twitter once this year now, therefore, I deserve being mentioned directly again.
"Would you like a banana?" "In a literal sense, yes."
Out of all the loud class-clown types @chipdissel is definately my favorite
Yeah I quote myself, so what? -Ted Petersen
11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11
Thinking of bringing a cattle prod to school to disperse herds of slow underclassmen.
@chipdissel Pumpkin pie is GOOD STUFF! #wellokthen
Fast food is so full of sodium its a-salt on the senses.
Listening to Rick Astley in Econ #rickrolled
I definitely didn't just call Little John an attractive woman. - @TheEvanGrote
This wind blows.
If i had a dollar for every nickel I have, I'd be 20x richer.
What person in band has the highest chance of getting struck by lightning?....       The conductor.   #punsinorchestra
Your hair matches your personality; swift and sideways.   @vigfresh
Knew I wouldn't be lucky enough for the school to burn down on the 4th day.
We had fun.  @Care_Alva @Maggeggie @cecilyrobinson
"Back of my hand, your cheek, BOOM." -Kyle Disselkoen
Waitress: "excuse me"
Old guy: "Did you say squeeze me?"
Waitress: "No."
 #creeperinwisconsin
Its Saaturdaaaay!!!!!!!!!!!!
In my basement I counted 8 spiders.  I returned with a roll of paper towels and killed 7.  I have yet to find the one that got away.
My dog sleeps with his paws sticking out at weird angles. I occasionally poke him to make sure he isn't dead.
At 1 am, I'm pretty much the most hilarious person i know.
IT'S RAINING SIDEWAYS!
At my bro's baseball game we have Umpirates. Intsead of "strike" they shout "YAAAAR"
I win. @SousaphoneKing
Jeff Foxworthy just described my life. I may be a redneck.
"The ballerina rose gracefully en Pointe and extended one slender leg behind her, like a dog at a fire hydrant."
"Her hair glistened in the rain like nosehair after a sneeze"
So, I need 8 more followers. Tell your friends and relatives. Heck, make a page for your pet and follow me. #Sousiebet
Added incentive: Ehler will run a lap wearing his sousaphone.  Im sure he wont mind, but still... Ehler running.  Rofl.
I have a bet with ehler, I need 23 followers in 5 days. lets do this.
Dear choir, english please.
Did you here about the pharaoh who wouldn't admit he was drowning? He was in de-Nile.
After several grueling hours and hundreds of failed attempts, I have a twitter screen name.
