No, we will not balance the budget on the backs our most vulnerable groups. Too many in this country have already sacrificed enough.
Climate change isn’t just a problem for the future – the impacts are apparent here and now. We must act boldly. https://t.co/SUVCt6K1QV
It's past time to put the interests of our brave men and women in uniform ahead of the profits of predatory banks. https://t.co/BsRBs26qqu
RT @SenJeffMerkley: My #BrokawAct w/@SenatorBaldwin @SenSanders @SenWarren is critical to help protect Main St. from #WallSt Hedge Funds ht…
It's beyond belief that in 2016 American kids are being poisoned by tap water. We must rebuild our water infrastructure. #FlintWaterCrisis
We give tax breaks to companies that outsource jobs to the tune of $500 billion in a ten-year period. Maybe it’s time to end that absurdity.
Despair is not an option - not if you want a decent future for your kids or grandchildren, not if you understand this country's potential.
Poverty is not just discomfort, it is often a death sentence. People with income in the bottom 20% die seven years earlier than the top 20%.
I don't think many lawmakers know that wages have been stagnant for 35 years. They don't see what people are going through.
It's simple, really: Politicians should be working for their constituents' votes, not lobbyists' money. That's not radical. It's democracy.
Corporations lobby everyday for lower taxes even though they make record profits and their effective tax rates are at a sixty-year low.
Judge Garland is a strong nominee with decades of experience on the bench. @POTUS has done his job. It’s time for Republicans to do theirs.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on President Obama’s Supreme Court Nomination https://t.co/4EthJrDmKI https://t.co/QE3ksuxp3j
People have a right to know what's in the food they eat. GMO labeling exists in 64 other countries. There is no reason it can’t exist here.
I am pleased that Congress stood up to the demands of Monsanto and food industry corporations and rejected this outrageous bill.
Sen. Roberts' bill to block GMO labeling violates the will of the American people who overwhelmingly believe that GMOs should be labeled.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on GMO Labeling Legislation https://t.co/aTfamscX3G https://t.co/Aajzy3qiio
How horrific is it that in our country, the richest nation in the world, the life expectancy of poor women has been declining?
If we don't act, our grandkids will ask why we allowed fossil fuel companies to rake in record profits while climate change ravages earth.
We must work together to make Social Security solvent for our kids and grandchildren by lifting the cap on taxable income above $250,000.
The next decade of action on climate change is critical - if we do not act boldly, we will not be able to avoid catastrophic consequences.
The Export-Import bank gave taxpayer money to large corporations who then laid off American workers and shipped their jobs overseas.
Nearly one in five financial service professionals believe they must engage in illegal or unethical activity to be successful.
More than 1 in 3 financial executives say they've witnessed or have firsthand knowledge of potentially criminal wrongdoing in the workplace.
51% of Wall Street executives making over $500,000 a year said it was likely their competitors engage in unethical or illegal activity.
How many times have we heard the myth that what Wall Street did may have been wrong but it wasn’t illegal? Let me help shatter that myth.
We can save lives and help many people in need if we begin to understand that addiction is a disease, not a criminal activity.
Fossil fuel companies may seem to have a virtually unlimited supply of money and lobbyists in Washington, but together we can defeat them.
The deadline for a paid internship with Sen. Sanders this summer is Friday. Apply now: https://t.co/RSKlzhaMT3
As a nation, we need to be more energy independent, less reliant on fossil fuel, and more reliant on local sustainable energy sources.
Sometimes it seems we have sadly forgotten about the millions of people lost their jobs, homes, and life savings not all that long ago.
RT @nytpolitics: Bernie Sanders has used the side doors of Congress to get what he wants through amendments https://t.co/eUddpVhBdR https:/…
The time is now for the wealthy and multinational corporations who are doing phenomenally well to help the middle class rebuild.
When our military budget rivals every other nation's combined, we can afford judicious cuts to our military without compromising our safety.
The sad reality is we have millions of Americans with less than $8,000 in savings wondering how they are going to retire with dignity.
It's outrageous that the median female worker earned $1,337 less last year than she did in 2007.
We are all in this together. It is our collective duty to ensure the millions of us who are uninsured have access to quality health care.
We must transform our energy system away from fossil fuels in order to leave a planet that is healthy and habitable for future generations.
The bottom line is a great nation and a strong economy cannot exist alongside a crumbling infrastructure.
It's ridiculous that the Walton family is now worth $150 billion today. That is more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of Americans.
It is  unacceptable that millionaire hedge fund managers often enjoy an effective tax rate which is lower than their secretaries.
Nearly 4 million seniors experience food insecurity. We must ensure that the generation that built our great nation does not go hungry.
Our health care system is broken when millions who have health coverage can't afford to see a doctor due to high copayments and deductibles.
It is more than irresponsible for my Republican colleagues to risk the future of our planet in order to pander to fossil fuel lobbyists.
The test of a great nation is not how many wars we can engage in, but how we can use our strength to resolve conflicts in a peaceful way.
We have such a large national debt because George W. Bush gave tax breaks to billionaires and took us into two wars he forgot to pay for.
Over and over again, supporters of free trade agreements told us they would create jobs. Over and over again, they have been dead wrong.
I believe our country needs to be a leader on the global stage, and that means taking the lead on reversing climate change.
NEWS: Sanders Announces $1.2 Million in Health Center Funds for Substance Abuse Treatment in Vermont https://t.co/jJgo2WYRpq
High growth rates for corporations has paid off for those at the top. The rest of our people are done waiting for it to trickle down.
Social Security is arguably the most important Federal program we have. It's life or death for millions of senior today.
Want a paid internship with Sen. Bernie Sanders this summer? You've got a week to get in your application. https://t.co/RSKlzhaMT3
The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse. Where's their bailout?
My message to the Export-Import Bank: If you use our money, then you represent American taxpayers, not just multinational corporations.
A nation is judged not by how many billionaires and millionaires it has but by how it treats the most vulnerable people among us.
The time is long overdue for Congress to start representing the working families of America and not  just wealthy campaign contributors.
It is a national disgrace that a significant portion of the people who are homeless in America are veterans.
Those concerned about the cost of transitioning to renewable energy should truly fear the cost of failing to do so as soon as possible.
Climate change's deadly impacts on our most vulnerable communities makes rapidly addressing greenhouse gas emissions a moral imperative.
If you want taxpayers' money, then you must protect their jobs. Not a radical idea. But that idea has yet to come to the Export-Import Bank.
A handful of huge financial institutions have too much political power over our nation. They already pose a systemic risk to our democracy.
We are at a very strange moment in American history where virtually an entire political party is rejecting science. https://t.co/HUBOFLlkrv
Proud of Vermont for passing paid sick leave. It's time for Congress to follow the state's lead and support real family values.
Today the 10 largest banks in the US are bigger than they were before we bailed them out because they were too big to fail.
It is easy to declare war on other countries. It not so easy to comprehend the unintended consequences of that war.
Whose views should we trust on trade legislation? Corporate America or organizations that represent working families and the environment?
Why do we pay large fees to withdraw our own money? Big banks must stop acting like loan sharks and start acting like responsible lenders.
I believe that as a nation, we must restore our public commitment to providing an affordable, quality higher education to every student.
The bottom line is when a person goes to the hospital, that person should not end up in bankruptcy.
It's ridiculous that we have over 45 million Americans living in poverty, almost more than at any time in the modern history of America.
Want to intern for Sen. Bernie Sanders this summer? Get your application in before March 18. Apply here: https://t.co/RSKlzhaMT3
Climate change is already causing devastating harm here in the United States and to people all around the globe. https://t.co/vnZ52xXCmc
The Federal Reserve has been hijacked by the very bankers it is in charge of regulating. The foxes are guarding the henhouse at the Fed.
RT @MotherJones: Read Bernie Sanders’ 1961 Testimony on His University’s Racist Housing Policy https://t.co/mmDFnZVUeJ
Women must have full control over their reproductive health in order to have full control over their lives. #InternationalWomensDay
The simple fact is, Americans want to know what is in the food they're eating and whether that food is genetically engineered.
The simple fact is that the prices of patented medicines are a significant barrier to access to health for millions of Americans.
Everyday, millions of seniors have to juggle with their limited budgets the choice of buying food or medicine. This has got to end!
When Wall Street talks, Congress listens. When working class kids talk about being saddled with horrendous debts, who is listening to them?
The people who risked their lives in Selma showed that when people stand together for justice nothing is impossible. https://t.co/fjLiX59JEx
Making a $1 trillion investment to repair our infrastructure would create 13 million jobs, and that is exactly what we should be doing.
Cutting Social Security, a life and death issue for seniors and those with disabilities, isn't just bad economics- it's immoral.
It really is frightening when you have a party controlling the House and Senate saying, "You know what? We reject science."
Money is not free speech. Elections should not be auctions. In a democracy, we should have the right to elect people based on their ideas.
It's unacceptable that Monsanto is more concerned about their own profits than about a consumer's right to know what they are eating.
Today we have more wealth inequality than any major country on Earth and the gap between the very rich and everybody else is growing wider.
It's absurd that in America, the wealthiest country in the history of the world, more than half of older workers have no retirement savings.
I'm not quite sure how anybody lives on $7,600 a year, but the sad reality is we have 20 percent of seniors who live at that level today.
The American people want fair elections. They want free elections. They don’t want billionaires buying elections.
Police departments in African-American neighborhoods should not look like occupying armies. We must demilitarize our police departments.
The American people understand: Taking care of veterans is as much a cost of war as tanks and guns. Our Congress needs to understand it too.
Now is the time to move to energy independence, break our dependency on fossil fuel and move to energy efficiency and sustainable energies.
The kind of "democracy" the ruling class likes is one where few people vote and the rich contribute huge amounts of money to the candidates.
Those who represent the rich and can’t address the needs of ordinary people instead manipulate people’s fear and ignorance to stay in power.
Campaign finance reform isn't a conservative issue or a liberal issue. It's an American issue. https://t.co/L0klQFX8WA
Happy birthday Vermont! 225 years ago today Vermont became the 14th state. https://t.co/5FuhgGwD5P
We need to invest in our young people today, because they are our nation’s future doctors, teachers, engineers, scientists and senators.
While the economy has made gains the last six years, the reality is, the American middle class has been declining over the past 40 years.
Instead of giving more tax breaks to those who don’t need them, we should be expanding nutrition programs and other services for seniors.
The sad reality is nearly 4 million American seniors may skip dinner tonight because they do not have enough money to buy food today.
The bottom line is, it's more expensive to throw people in jail than to provide them with the training they need for a decent paying job.
We have got to make sure that every qualified American in this country who wants to go to college can go to college, regardless of income.
When the future of America depends on the education our young people,  free public education should not end at high school.
It's important to remember that we not only have massive wealth and income inequality, but a power structure which protects that inequality.
Bernie's always understood that bad trade deals would pave the way for more lost jobs and more lost factories.
https://t.co/05jwlJOgUL
The FCC should not let Charter buy Time Warner. Even bigger monopolies won't lower cable and internet prices that are already too high.
If we are serious about creating the millions of good paying jobs we desperately need, we must fundamentally rewrite our trade policies.
Right now, if you are poor, government turns its back on you, yet it welcomes corporations and their lobbyists. We’ve got it backwards.
Democratic socialism means that we must reform a political system today which is not only grossly unfair but, in many respects, corrupt.
If you think it's too expensive to take care of veterans, don't send them to war.
https://t.co/XImYimD2uw
It is absurd that millions of workers are unemployed or underemployed when there is enormous work to be done rebuilding our infrastructure.
The Court must reaffirm that access to a safe and legal abortion is a woman’s constitutional right. #StopTheSham https://t.co/f9ye5PkQ8W
We cannot go back to the days when women in America didn't have the right to control their own bodies. #StopTheSham
And it would have a domino effect, giving other states a green light to place a substantial burden on a woman’s right to an abortion.
It would have an especially devastating impact on low-income women who don't have the means or ability to travel long distances to a clinic.
900,000 women in Texas alone would have to travel over 150 miles in order to exercise their constitutionally protected reproductive rights.
If the Texas law is allowed to stand, abortion will officially become a right in name only. #StopTheSham https://t.co/kdNweBfPx0
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Key Abortion Law Case https://t.co/3EeOgfddn2 #StopTheSham https://t.co/xFqgH3q1Z0
The purpose of scapegoating, setting whites against blacks, native born against immigrants, is to deflect from issues that could unite them.
The key advocates for continuing free trade policies are precisely the people who are slashing jobs in America and shuttering factories.
Why is it that Republicans can accept and respect the research on cancer but are in denial when it comes to the science of climate change?
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the marketplace finally pay the taxes they should.
Low income teens now enroll in college in lower proportions than 2008. Your family income shouldn’t decide whether you get to go to college.
Vermont and other states must be allowed to label GMOs. Parents have a right to know what they're feeding their kids https://t.co/6fecDy1gIU
We need a major federal jobs program to put millions of Americans back to work. The fastest way to do that is to rebuild our infrastructure.
The overwhelming majority of Americans know that we have got to stand together. That if we start splintering, we're not going to succeed.
I believe that as a nation, we must restore our public commitment to providing an affordable, quality higher education to every student.
It is totally absurd that you can go out right now and get a lower interest rate on a car loan than you would pay on a student loan.
The decreasing cost of wind power shows that we can have a 100 percent clean energy future. https://t.co/xRFvk0KX9l
RT @SenatorLeahy: Leahy &amp; @SenSanders Oppose Bill, Set For Sen. Markup Tues, That Would Block #VT ’s #GE Labeling Law https://t.co/dGIp7jSw…
If we're serious about ending climate change, we need to end the polluter welfare that subsidizes increased pollution from fossil fuels.
Millions of people are working harder than ever without basic overtime protections. https://t.co/mxlWcT3o2L
We have got to tell the largest corporations in America to stop dodging taxes and bring jobs back to the United States of America.
Medicare-for-all would save the American people and businesses more than $6 trillion over the next decade. https://t.co/S5tpCMfncy
RT @SenWarren: FMLA was a huge step fwd, and we must do more. Read my @BostonGlobe op-ed on how to level the playing field: https://t.co/uR…
Our Medicare drug programs have no cost control measures for one reason: they were written and signed off on by the pharmaceutical industry.
RT @oneunderscore__: Back when it was wildly politically unpopular, Mayor Bernie Sanders ran one of the only towns trans people felt safe
h…
We are producing enough to feed the hungry and provide what people need, yet our economy works day after day to make billionaires richer.
Many people have the mistaken impression that Congress regulates Wall Street. The real truth is that Wall Street regulates the Congress.
In my view, corporations should not be allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars.
No American should have to go without the medication they need because Congress doesn't have the courage to stand up to the drug industry.
Do politicians in DC stand with ordinary Americans or will the extraordinary power of billionaire campaign contributors &amp; Big Money prevail?
Let us understand that when we stand together, we will always win. When men and women stand together for justice, we win.
America has more people behind bars than any major country – more even than China, an authoritarian regime.
The bottom line is, we can put end to the nearly 47 million Americans living in poverty by raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour.
We need to end the race to the bottom. Trade policies should protect, not endanger, the interests of American workers.
The very rich seem to want more and more and more, and are prepared to dismantle the existing political order to get it. We can’t let them.
Other countries negotiate with drug companies on their citizens' behalf to keep costs down. Our government should be able to do the same.
In my view, all Americans, regardless of income, should be able to get the education they need without going deeply in debt.
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will die because they cannot afford to take the life-saving medication they need.
The two largest private prison operators made a combined $361 million in profits in 2015. We must end the private, for-profit prison racket.
NEWS: Sanders Urges Action After New Report Details Private Prison Profits https://t.co/naq0rX3U1u https://t.co/xHy6oiOW8Y
It's ridiculous that 21 percent of children in America are living in poverty, the highest in any industrialized country by far.
If we're serious about reducing wealth inequality and rebuilding the middle class, we must increase the number of union jobs in our country.
The need for real campaign finance reform is not a progressive issue. It is not a conservative issue. It is an American issue.
If you work 40 hours a week at the current federal minimum wage, you are making about $15,000 a year. That is undoubtedly a starvation wage.
The United States needs to join the rest of the industrialized world by implementing Rx drug policies that work for everybody.
It's totally insane that the monthly cost of cancer drugs has more than doubled over the last ten years to $9,900.
We should be transitioning away from fossil fuels, not incentivizing the extraction and exportation of natural gas. https://t.co/W8QSZxK0AO
RT @davidshepardson: Five senators including @SenSanders raise concerns about @CharterCom @TWC merger https://t.co/w3vbqwATe9
The proposed New Charter deal would create a duopoly in the high-speed broadband industry and harm consumers. https://t.co/lVvwgKWdVW
Enough is enough. Pfizer and other pharmaceutical companies can no longer be allowed to rip off American patients. https://t.co/9VF1PKnEqh
PNTR with China led to the loss of 3 million American jobs. Free trade agreements have been an unmitigated disaster for our working people.
NEWS: Pfizer Dodges Taxes and Price Gouges Patients, New Report Finds https://t.co/VGCe0HJVnr https://t.co/2bT3SRncRz
NAFTA will be a disaster for American and Mexican farmers, the environment and the American taxpayer. - Bernie (10/6/1993)
NAFTA will simply accelerate the process by which working people become poorer and the wealthy become wealthier. - Bernie in 1993
It's very easy to turn our backs on kids who are hungry but I believe everybody in this country impacts everybody else in all kinds of ways.
People are not truly free when they are unable to feed their family. People are not truly free when they have no health care.
It's outrageous that we give tax breaks to billionaires, yet we continue to have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country.
NEWS: Sanders Receives Perfect Score from League of Conservation Voters https://t.co/6NkM7p3UFe
It's makes no sense to me that a drug sold in Britain for 66 cents a pill can be sold for $750 in the United States. This has got to end!
It's unacceptable that in our rigged economic system, almost all of the new income and wealth are going to the top one percent.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on FDA Nominee’s Confirmation https://t.co/vdpPBT7SPO https://t.co/Oiey8FkTtJ
I opposed Dr. Califf's nomination because I'm not convinced he will stand up to the pharmaceutical industry's greed. https://t.co/RaLGXOm5nu
The bottom line is, if workers in this country want to exercise their constitutional right to join a union, they should be allowed to do so.
In my view, it's immoral and bad economics to cut Social Security when so many seniors and people with disabilities depend on it.
Vermont and other states must be allowed to label GMOs. https://t.co/l2QDzHm04W https://t.co/eeCsZlytLQ
People in other countries pay far less for their prescriptions. We should reduce barriers to importation of drugs from Canada and elsewhere.
When we put money into the hands of working people, they are going to go out and buy goods, buy services, and that will create jobs.
I think it is reasonable to demand that a full time job pay enough to lift a worker out of poverty, not keep them in it.
We live in the world's richest nation and yet 37 percent of African American kids and 47 percent of Native American kids live in poverty.
Guantanamo has damaged our moral standing and undermined our foreign policy. I'm glad to see a plan to shut it down. https://t.co/7ktovDP7TU
How do you have a drug manufactured by the same company, in the same factory sold in Canada for one-tenth the price as in the U.S.?
Almost everything FDR proposed - Medicare, a minimum wage - was called socialist. Yet these programs have become the fabric of our nation.
RT @HuffingtonPost: Watch Bernie Sanders demolish a homophobic Republican in 1995 https://t.co/nigInSVQHm https://t.co/sFP7BK3IU4
No single financial institution should have holdings so extensive that its failure could send the world economy into crisis.
It's not a radical idea for the United States to join countries all over the world and allow consumers to know if a product contains GMOs.
If we can import tomatoes from Mexico, there is absolutely no reason why we cannot import affordable prescription drugs from Canada.
The future of prescription costs in America comes down to this: Do we have the guts to stand up to drug companies who are ripping us off?
We clearly need a new approach to prescription drugs in this country when 1 in 5 Americans are unable to afford to fill their prescriptions.
The time is long overdue for us to start investing in our young people to help them get the jobs they need to be a part of the middle class.
In my view, people have a right to make a telephone call today without that information being collected by the government.
At the end of the day, investing in senior nutrition programs saves Americans money by keeping seniors healthy and out of hospitals.
It's not a radical idea to have legislation that protects the safety of the American people and their constitutional right of privacy.
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it.
The views of the billionaire class are profoundly out of step with working Americans, which goes a long way to explain Congress' agenda.
RT @HuffPostCollege: Here's footage of Bernie Sanders being arrested as a college student. 
https://t.co/jM3kWWNbrg
If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, do you know what he would say about the big banks? He would say break 'em up. And he would be right.
It is disgraceful that millions of full-time workers live in poverty and millions more must work two or three jobs just to pay their bills.
We should give authorities the strong tools they need to investigate suspected terrorists, but laws must also safeguard our civil liberties.
We have got to ask the largest corporations in America to stop dodging taxes and bring jobs back to the United States of America.
There is a war going on in this country. It is a war being waged by some of the wealthiest and most powerful people against working families
One of the reasons for the decline of the middle class and working people is that the trade unions which represent them are under attack.
The loss of thousands of factories and millions of good jobs prove we can no longer allow corporations to write our trade deals for us.
Real family values are paid sick time, paid family leave and guaranteed vacation time so parents can spend leisure time with their children
If the Fed could bail out Wall Street with extremely low interest rates, we can treat graduating college students with the same respect.
If we are to rebuild our middle class and be competitive in the global economy, we must join other nations and make college tuition free!
Instead of providing low-interest loans to companies that are exporting jobs, we should be investing in businesses creating jobs in the US.
Today, 1 in 5 seniors experience food insecurity. We should be expanding nutrition programs instead of giving tax breaks to billionaires.
We must fundamentally restructure our student loan program so that students are not paying interest rates higher than they pay for car loans
If we stay on our current track, children today will have a lower standard of living than their parents. It's the American dream in reverse.
This country, this great country, belongs to all of us. We cannot allow it to be controlled by a handful on top who apparently want it all.
It is simply morally repugnant that we have privatized prisons all over America. We have got to end the for-profit prison racket.
In the coming years, the most powerful political party America won't be the Republican or Democratic Party, but the Koch Brothers Party.
Today, a quarter of the nation's bridges have been designated as structurally deficient. Now is the time to invest in our infrastructure.
It is unacceptable that in America today, you could be taking a lifesaving drug one day and find out it is no longer available the next.
The truth is that we can never repay the debt that we owe to those men and women who put their lives on the line to defend our country.
We cannot allow ourselves to be divided by the anti-immigrant and xenophobic hysteria the Republican party has concocted.
When we discuss wealth inequality and campaign reform, ultimately we're asking a moral question: What kind of nation do we wish to become?
There is no valid reason to restrict a woman’s access to affordable birth control. https://t.co/15Sdpzups9
Our country is great because we are the sons and daughters of immigrants, and I think we should all be very proud of that.
This week, millionaires stopped paying into Social Security for 2016. That's absurd. We must lift the cap &amp; expand Social Security.
We cannot continue to round up and deport thousands of immigrant families to address a crisis that requires compassion and humane solutions.
It is my view that we need to fundamentally rewrite our trade agreements so our largest export does not become decent-paying American jobs.
The trade agreements pushed by corporate America are great if you are CEO of a major corporation, but are a disaster for American workers.
Congress will never regain the American people's confidence unless we have the guts to stand with working people &amp; take on moneyed interests
I am very worried about the US Congress turning its back on science and those who tell us that we have got to cut back on carbon emissions.
By breaking up too-big-to-fail banks before they face a crisis, we can ensure a healthy financial system &amp; prevent another taxpayer bailout.
If a bank is too big to fail, it's too big to exist. https://t.co/d0a6UiK7yC
For decades, we have been engaged in a failed ‘War on Drugs’ with racially-biased mandatory minimums that punish people of color unfairly.
We have to deal with the reality that 50% of young black kids are unemployed and that we have massive poverty in America.
If we are serious about rebuilding the middle class and creating millions of good jobs, we must fundamentally rewrite our trade policies.
For three decades after World War II, productivity and wages grew together. Today, productivity is soaring but workers' wages are stagnant.
Democracy means one person, one vote. It does not mean that the Koch Brothers and other billionaires should be able to buy elections.
The test of a great nation is not how many wars we can engage in, but how we can use our strength to resolve conflicts in a peaceful way.
We need legislation which makes it possible for workers who want to join a union to do so. We must pass the Employee Free Choice Act.
Our guiding principle in terms of immigration reform must be to unite families, not divide them up.
“We can either have democracy in this country or we can have great wealth concentrated in the hands of a few.” - Louis Brandeis
We will not tolerate calls to send back unaccompanied children and victims of crime and domestic violence to the countries they have fled.
How insane is it for us to literally discourage bright young people from attending college because of how much money their parents make?
We must listen to the scientific community, not Fox News, and lead the world in reversing climate change.
I remain opposed to the free trade agreements like NAFTA that forced American workers to compete against people who make pennies an hour.
When people stand together for justice, nothing is impossible.
I will never forget Alan Greenspan visiting Congress to tell us how great deregulation was. I didn't buy it then, and I don't buy it now.
Today, African American unemployment is double the national average. The struggle for racial and economic justice continues.
My thoughts and prayers are with Justice Scalia's family and colleagues, who mourn his passing.
Our goal as a nation must be to ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty. We must raise the minimum wage to at least $15/hour!
NEWS: Sanders Backs @SenatorReid's Legislation to Guarantee Due Process for Border Refugees https://t.co/wN5fIFL5Z6 https://t.co/1vrbCtuVVw
Republicans need to worry less about their campaign contributions and more about leaving our kids a planet that is healthy and habitable.
We have a moral obligation to provide for the wounded and ensure that all veterans receive every benefit they have earned and deserve.
Since 2001, our disastrous unfettered ‘free trade’ policies have lost over 4.7 million decent-paying manufacturing jobs. Enough is enough!
We must transform our energy system away from fossil fuels if we are interested in subsiding the irreversible effects of climate change.
There was once a time when our nation's infrastructure - roads, bridges, rail - were the envy of the world. Sadly that's no longer the case.
We must end the scandal in which millions of Americans, many earning less than $30K/year, work 50 or 60 hours a week without overtime.
It makes no sense that students and their parents are forced to pay interest rates for college loans that are higher than housing mortgages.
RT @chrislhayes: Here's the link to Sanders floor speech on the 1994 crime bill https://t.co/T3BWSHu1u0
One of the most serious crisis facing this country is the lack of decent-paying jobs for young Americans. We must defeat this crisis.
Must Read: Disparity in Life Spans of the Rich and the Poor Is Growing -@stavernise https://t.co/4zJ0nfNC8D https://t.co/bdWdiJagEk
It's imperative that the one-in-five Americans living with a mental health condition receive care in a timely manner.
Higher education is a strategic investment in our nation’s future. That is why education should be a right, not a privilege.
The opioid epidemic claims 78 lives each day. We must ensure lifesaving drugs, such as naloxone, are accessible to those who need them.
In the 1950s large corporations contributed over 30% of federal tax revenue. Today it's less than 10 and they still ask for more tax breaks.
The American people understand that the federal minimum wage of $7.25 is a starvation wage. It is not a wage that anybody can live on.
The Koch brothers are spending hundreds of millions so they can have a Congress that works for the 1 percent. We can’t let that happen.
RT @GoodJobsNation: Thanks to lawmakers like @SenSanders, workers like Sontia got BIG raises at the Capitol! https://t.co/9k82igZLhH #fight…
So proud that Vermont continues to be a national leader on solar energy. https://t.co/EhrxhtHsgR https://t.co/kcVJ2eqkH1
Must Read: Ex Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner is finally cashing in on Wall Street. https://t.co/1pxV2UEcDu
Victims of crime and domestic violence should not be afraid of being deported for calling the police.
NEWS: Sanders, Grijalva Demand Accountability for Immigration Enforcement Program https://t.co/MH2KTra46h
It is crazy that we have Republicans who not only will not raise the minimum wage, but want to do away with the concept of a minimum wage.
The only major voter fraud we have in America are elected officials enacting voting restrictions to protect their own seats in office.
We need trade policies that are designed for the American worker, not for the multinational corporations who are richer than ever before.
NEWS: Sanders Supports Strengthened Sanctions on North Korea https://t.co/nPrdFR4RGf https://t.co/03Lwt22T3T
In 2009, Exxon Mobil made $19 billion in profits and actually received a $156 million rebate from the IRS. That's corporate welfare.
Older workers are worried about what will happen when they retire. We have to ensure they retire with dignity by expanding Social Security.
It's unacceptable that in the richest countries in the world millions of young people are unable to find work and begin their careers.
Change does not take place easily. Anyone who’s read history understands that.
What we need is a national health care system that puts people ahead of profits and health ahead of special interests.
The Supreme Court's decision is deeply disappointing. There's no time to spare in the fight to combat climate change https://t.co/OP3F67AfMF
When two-thirds of American seniors rely on Social Security benefits for most of their income, we must expand Social Security - not cut it!
Republicans should stop politicizing the right of women in this country to control their own bodies.
In our rigged economic system, almost all of the new income and wealth are going to the top one percent.
Climate change is real and caused by human activity.Our job is to aggressively transform our energy system away from fossil fuels.
We need trade policies that work for the working families of our nation and not just the CEOs of large, multi-national corporations.
We must learn from other nations who say to their young people: You want to go to college? You can go to college, regardless of your income.
While we tackle grotesque levels of income inequality in this country, we must simultaneously address the structural racism so many endure.
In 2014, drug makers spent $250 million on lobbying and campaign contributions. Even in DC, that’s a lot of money. https://t.co/A7GDV6nKgx
We have a moral responsibility to reduce the growing gap between the very rich and everyone else.
The true greatness of a country does not lie in the number of millionaires and billionaires it has.
Drug industry launches ad campaign as it lobbies against any effort to rein in prescription costs -@joewalkerWSJ. https://t.co/YfOD1a8PeH
In the year 2016, a job must lift Americans out of poverty, not keep them in it. We have got to raise the minimum wage to a living wage.
Your ability to vote shouldn’t depend on whether you have a car or how much money you have.  It’s your right, plain and simple.
Attempts by elected officials to win elections by suppressing voter turnout isn't just political cowardice- it undermines our democracy.
In the United States, CEOs make 300 times what their workers make. This is simply immoral and must be dealt with.
We must reform our campaign finance system so Congress' work reflects the needs of working families and not the billionaire class.
There was once a time when the United States was No. 1 in infrastructure. Today we are No. 12. We need to invest in our infrastructure.
Every year, the federal government makes billions of dollars in profits off of student loans. We must end this most revolting practice!
It's outrageous that nearly 45% of American households lack any meaningful access to transit. We must rebuild our crumbling infrastructure!
America should be known as the country with the best educated population in the world, not the country with the most people in jail!
Flashback: Months before the Veterans Affairs scandal was exposed, Bernie tried to expand health care for veterans.
https://t.co/61YkDqRPLY
The bottom line is that unilateral military action should be the last resort, not the first option.
Enough is enough! This great nation belongs to the people and not to a handful of billionaires, their super PACs and their lobbyists.
There is no reason why the United States is the only major country on Earth that does not have a family and medical leave policy.
There is something profoundly wrong when one family in America, the Walton family of Walmart, owns more wealth than the bottom 40 percent.
It is my view that we need to fundamentally rewrite our trade agreements so our largest export does not become decent-paying American jobs.
Next time you hear a politician talk about family values, ask them where they stand on paid family leave. #FMLA23
In my view, every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave! #FMLA23.
It’s disgraceful that America is the only major country that does not provide paid family and medical leave. #FMLA23 https://t.co/qCTxhMEl5B
The answer to unemployment and poverty is not and cannot be the mass incarceration of young Americans of all races.
There is no reason that American workers should be denied paid family leave, a benefit that workers in every advanced economy already enjoy.
I believe it is time for the United States to join almost every other Western, industrialized country and say no to the death penalty.
30% of every health care dollar spent in the United States goes to administrative costs, rather than to delivering care. We can do better.
I've always strongly opposed trade agreements like NAFTA and TPP, which were written by corporate America and have cost us millions of jobs.
The time is long overdue for us to start investing in our young people and to help them get the jobs and education they need.
It's an outrage that we have seen a proliferation of millionaires while ordinary Americans are working longer hours for lower wages.
It's time for Americans to say, "ENOUGH is ENOUGH. We won't accept another year of astronomical prescription price increases."
That's why @RepCummings and I have put forward a comprehensive plan to stop skyrocketing drug prices. https://t.co/vrZIIeBUNC
The American people are fed up with the blatant profiteering of pharmaceutical company CEOs like Martin Shkreli. It must end.
We pay the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. One in five Americans cannot afford to fill their prescriptions.
Although Martin Shkreli’s greed is in the national spotlight today, skyrocketing drug prices are a daily struggle for many Americans.
Let's face it: until we put patients over profits, our health care system will not work for ordinary Americans.
In the United States of America, you should not be forced into bankruptcy because you are diagnosed with cancer.
It's outrageous that in the industrialized world, the United States is No. 1 in billionaires and No. 1 in childhood poverty.
When millions of working Americans are still living in poverty, it is absolutely imperative that we raise the minimum wage to a living wage.
It's outrageous we still have 29 million people in this country who have zero health insurance. This has got to end!
When the average Social Security benefit today is just $1,328 a month, it's time to extend and expand Social Security benefits not cut them!
If a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist. https://t.co/CkPKm80G1X
It's unacceptable that Republicans want to cut Social Security, despite the fact that some seniors are trying to survive on $13,000 a year.
The bottom line is: do we cut social security benefits or do we ask the wealthiest corporations and Americans to pay their fair share?
Big business is willing to destroy the planet for short-term profits. https://t.co/qjq4Ly4mnZ
It is simply unacceptable that 40 percent of African American children are living in poverty.
We are rapidly moving toward a nation of the super-rich, by the super-rich and for the super-rich.
Money and wealth should serve the people. The people should not have to serve money and wealth.
It is imperative that we have the courage to stand with the poor, to stand with working people and, when necessary, take on the powerful.
We must move towards a democracy where one can run for office without begging for contributions from the wealthy and the powerful.
Why is it that, despite huge advancements in technology and productivity, millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages?
The American people understand that our current economic system is rigged against them and designed to benefit the top 1%.
It’s time to expand Social Security to make sure that everyone in this country can retire with the dignity and respect they deserve.
We are the wealthiest nation in the history of the world, but few Americans know it because so much of the new income goes to those on top.
It is unacceptable that Americans pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.
It is hard for me to understand how one can be concerned about climate change but not vigorously oppose new fossil fuel pipelines.
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and recognize that healthcare is a right of all, and not a privilege.
Instead of sheltering profits in the Cayman Islands, the largest corporations in this country must pay their fair share of taxes!
It is an outrage that the CEOs of large corporations are calling for tax breaks while the middle-class of this country is disappearing.
"While the income of a minority is increasing exponentially, that of the majority is crumbling." -Pope Francis https://t.co/0PyORMIB2L
Between 2008 and 2013, GE, Boeing and Verizon paid no federal income taxes but received $4.1 billion in tax rebates. This has got to end!
It makes no sense that kids who get caught with marijuana get police records while Wall St. CEOs who helped destroy the economy get raises.
It is an outrage that not one major Wall Street executive has gone to jail for causing the near collapse of the economy.
More than twice as many elderly women lived in poverty than men in 2013. We should be expanding not cutting Social Security and Medicare
We need to give our kids, regardless of their race or income, a fair shot at attending college and make public universities tuition free.
27% of low wage workers are single parents. We just have got to recognize that the minimum wage we have now is totally inadequate.
We'll no longer tolerate an economy and a political system that's been rigged by Wall Street to benefit the wealthiest Americans.
It’s an outrage that millions of parents are forced back to work because they don’t have the income to stay home with their newborn babies.
The gender wage gap has lifelong effects. The average yearly Social Security income received by women is $12,857 compared to $16,590 for men
#EqualPay should not be a partisan issue but instead an American issue of basic fairness.
#EqualPayCantWait when women in America who do the same work as men earn 79 cents on the dollar.
One in every 15 African-American men is incarcerated, compared to one in every 106 white men. That is unacceptable.
We must end the disgrace of women making 79 cents on the dollar compared to men. We are going to have pay equity for women workers.
Across the country millions of people are working 2 or 3 jobs to cobble together enough income and health care to sustain their families.
It's unacceptable that the United States is five percent of the world’s population, yet we have 25 percent of the world’s prisoners.
If we are serious about protecting the planet and improving our economy, we must focus on efficient, renewable energy and not fossil fuels.
Republicans believe starvation wages are enough for millions of hard working Americans. I disagree. We must raise the minimum wage to $15!
People who live in low-income and minority communities will bear the most severe consequences of society’s addiction to fossil fuels.
35 million Americans should not have to go without the medication they need because they cannot afford it. https://t.co/jKoNP8f9Pg
Oil, coal and electric companies spent a staggering $2.26 billion in lobbying since 2009. Even in Washington, that’s a lot of money.
It really is an embarrassment that Republican politicians, with few exceptions, refuse to even recognize the reality of climate change.
My definition of democratic socialism is creating a government that works for all of us, not just a handful of people on top.
There's already been a massive transfer of wealth in this country- trillions of dollars have gone from the middle class to the few on top.
Women are making 79 cents on the dollar compared to men and for women of color it’s even less. That's nothing but sexism and discrimination.
What the American economy should be about is fighting to protect the middle class, not indulging the greed of billionaires.
I believe that every kid in this country who has the ability and the desire should be able to get a higher education in this country.
At a time when more than 10 percent of workers are either unemployed or underemployed, we should be doing everything we can to create jobs.
War must be the last choice, not the first option. https://t.co/iRkU4ksXWP
In 2015, 35 million people didn't get their prescriptions filled because they didn't have enough money. Big Pharma must be held responsible
Congrats @chtrust for winning #RenewalAwards! So proud of your work to expand the affordable housing programs we started together in VT
The US needs to join the rest of the industrialized world by implementing prescription drug policies that work for everybody, not just CEOs.
Congress needs to listen to the 72 percent of the American people who believe that the cost of medication is too expensive.
All of the pundits always tell us what we cannot accomplish until the day after we accomplish it. https://t.co/BkHJbJnMg1
Dr. Califf’s extensive ties to pharmaceutical companies give me no reason to believe that he would make the FDA work for ordinary Americans.
NEWS: Sanders Places Hold on FDA Nominee https://t.co/Kl3j52oXau https://t.co/C3630w3lak
It’s high time we stopped bailing out Wall Street and started repairing Main Street.
It's unacceptable that total spending on medicine in the United States has gone up by 
more than 90 percent since 2002.
We've ended up with a situation where millions of working people's tax rate is a hell of a lot higher than for some of the richest people.
Planes and tanks and guns are a cost of war. So is taking care of the men and women who use those weapons and fight our battles.
This is almost beyond belief. The wealthiest 14 people in this country saw their wealth increase between 2013 and 2015 by $157 billion.
If this country is to succeed in the future, we cannot continue to turn our backs on an entire generation of young people.
Americans are carrying more student debt than credit card or auto-loan debt. That’s a tragedy for our young people and for our nation.
I have a message for Republicans: Worry less about your campaign contributions and worry more about your children and grandchildren.
Today, less than 9 percent of seniors live in poverty. Why do some people insist on cutting Social Security when it has been so effective?
Why do Republicans always have money for war but not for those in need?
Democracy should not be a war between one group of billionaire donors and another. That's why  we've got to overturn Citizens United.
We have a corporate establishment whose greed is destroying our economy, a political establishment which is beholden to billionaires.
"The quality of a society, I mean of a civilization, is also judged by how it treats elderly people." -Pope Francis https://t.co/5iGWVzX0Yo
Many people have the mistaken impression that Congress regulates Wall Street. The real truth is that Wall Street regulates the Congress.
Republicans say: Let’s give more tax breaks to the rich and to the corporations. This is wrong. Trickle-down economics has not worked.
The bottom line is that people can’t make it on $7.25 or $8 an hour. We have to raise the minimum wage to a living wage.
We must end the greed and selfishness of Wall Street. https://t.co/3yTXHzZEXh
1 out of 5 Americans are unable to afford to purchase the drugs prescribed to them by their doctors. This is totally insane.
Not only are we not going to retreat on women's rights, we are going to expand them.
When you tell a woman that she can not control her own body, that’s extremism.
Corporations should not be allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars.
Too many girls and women are still suffering from domestic violence and sexual abuse and that must end.
It's my firm belief that if the US Senate had 83 women and 17 men, women's reproductive rights would never be under question or debated.
Increasing the minimum wage to $15 an hour would significantly boost the wages of more than 15 million women.
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman and her doctor to make, not the government.
We have to overturn Citizens United and move to the public funding of election, so the wealthy and the powerful cannot buy elections.
If we want a vibrant democracy, where candidates have an even playing field, we need to move toward public funding of elections.
Billionaires buying elections is not what our Constitution stands for. https://t.co/k4Ry2weNxp
As a result of Citizens United, the Supreme Court has given the wealthiest people an opportunity to own the United States government.
RT @EnvAm: @SenSanders Thank you for all your efforts to #protectcleanwater for #Vermont. And thanks in advance for stopping #veto override…
6 years ago today, the Supreme Court issued what I think is one of the most disastrous decisions in its history -- Citizens United.
In the US today 50 million people are still uninsured or underinsured. We live in a nation where health care is a privilege for the wealthy.
It's unacceptable that many kids have criminal records for smoking marijuana while the CEOs of banks do not. https://t.co/0hbqn16VxZ
The United States needs to move toward community policing and make our police departments look more like the communities they serve.
RT @mattyglesias: Here’s Bernie Sanders standing up for gay soldiers back in 1995. Impressive. https://t.co/E555jKcW6S
If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, he would say huge financial institutions are too powerful and we need to break 'em up.
The Koch brothers are spending huge sums of money to sow doubt about climate change. The reality is climate change is real and man-made.
It is absolutely vital that we act boldly to move our energy system away from fossil fuels.
The debate is over. Climate change is real and caused by human activity. This planet and its people are in trouble. https://t.co/7EqOEBDlyX
RT @billmckibben: Big big news--CA joins NY in investigating #exxonknew scandal. "Casting a wide net" about their deceit https://t.co/G502t…
As a society which proclaims human freedom as its goal, the United States must work unceasingly to end discrimination against all people.
It's unbelievable that the Koch brothers saw their wealth increase by $18 billion in 2 years, yet paid lower taxes than the middle class.
As a nation, we must remain consistent with our immigrant tradition by welcoming those fleeing violence and ending the raids.
Our job is to tell every kid in this country, that if they work hard, regardless of family income, they will get a college education.
RT @Slate: How Bernie Sanders made his hometown affordable: https://t.co/aV6GWhFszP https://t.co/htKIK3wlbp
I got a message for the Walton family of Walmart: Get off of welfare and pay your workers a living wage.
Are you ready for a radical idea? We are going to create an economy that works for the middle class, not the billionaire class.
Americans understand we have a rigged economy, where 47 million people are living in poverty and almost all new income is going to the top.
We have to make Congress respond to the needs of the people, not big money. https://t.co/LjZlJnoS0w
"This country has socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the poor." -Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. #MLKDay https://t.co/PXp1Q2ky9w
Dr. Martin Luther King: "We must ask the question, ‘Why are there forty million poor people in America?'" #MLKDay
"Call it democracy, or call it democratic socialism, but there must be a better distribution of wealth." -Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. #MLKDay
Whenever anybody in this country is killed while in police custody, it should automatically trigger a U.S. attorney general's investigation.
As we honor Dr. King, we must not only remember what he stood for, but also pledge to continue his vision to transform our country. #MLKDay
The black unemployment rate has remained roughly twice as high as the white rate over the last 40 years. This is unacceptable.
We need to end prisons for profit, which result in an over-incentive to arrest, jail and detain, in order to keep prison beds full.
The war on drugs has been a failure and has ruined the lives of too many people.
It's time for the US to join almost every other Western, industrialized country in saying no to the death penalty. https://t.co/EU2u0T6ISe
We are spending almost twice as much per capita on health care as does any other nation. https://t.co/xbuY1D5kRc
The current federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised to a living wage! https://t.co/nyXxATTQtx
Climate change is real, it is caused by human activity and it is already causing huge devastation across the world. https://t.co/jE2dvMFpfX
When you're sick, you should have access to health care. When you go to the hospital, you should not come out in bankruptcy.
The measure of success for law enforcement should not be how many people get locked up. https://t.co/3b4n4EcTPG
Today, if an employee is engaged in a union organizing campaign, they have a one in five chance of getting fired. This has got to end!
It's embarrassing that 20% of kids in America are living in poverty, the highest childhood poverty rate of any major developed country.
It is unacceptable that the typical female worker made $1,337 less last year than she did in 2007.
We must continue to boldly take on powerful political forces who are more concerned with short-term profits than the future of the planet.
We can create a government that works for all of us, not just powerful special interests. This is not a radical idea.
We have a moral responsibility to leave our kids a healthy planet. The best way we can do that is by keeping fossil fuels in the ground.
Unbelievably, today in many states, it is still legal to fire someone for being gay. That is unacceptable and must change.
NEWS: Sanders statement on Obama's decision to halt new federal coal leases on public lands https://t.co/gWzl6SCBv1 https://t.co/xcHPcLMyrr
America should be known as the country with the best educated population in the world, not the country with the most jailed population.
We must move away from the militarization of police forces and completely redo how we train police officers.
Sen. Ted Kennedy: Health care is "a matter of right and not of privilege." https://t.co/00mhOwzUqF
One family will spend more money this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties. This isn't democracy. It's oligarchy.
It seems to me that instead of building more jails, maybe, just maybe, we should be putting money into education and jobs for our kids.
I have spent my career fighting for something that I consider to be a human right. That human right is health care.
We're the only major country that doesn’t guarantee healthcare to all as a right, yet we spend more per capita on healthcare than any nation
I say to Walmart: Get off of welfare. Start paying your employees a living wage!
We'll no longer tolerate an economy and political system rigged by Wall St. to benefit the wealthiest at the expense of everyone else.
The greed of the pharmaceutical industry is killing Americans. That cannot continue.
29 million Americans still have no health insurance. We must resolve that health care is a right, not a privilege of those who can afford it
We need to change campaign finance so the work being done by Congress reflects the needs of working families, not just the billionaire class
There is no rational economic reason why women should earn 78 cents on the dollar compared to men. That has got to change.
How is it that we can spend trillions on never ending wars but can't afford to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure? https://t.co/rUzH5WdyT9
I appreciated @POTUS's point that we need more civil politics, to get big money out of politics, and to revitalize American democracy.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on the State of the Union Address https://t.co/nca8kzwcYc https://t.co/HOwVYhrWH3
We must make the Fed a more democratic institution, responsive to the needs of ordinary Americans rather than the billionaires on Wall St.
Too much of the Fed’s business is conducted in secret, known only to the bankers on its various boards and committees.
NEWS: Sanders Supports Audit the Fed Bill https://t.co/BiFeyaw4sN https://t.co/XvDxnD8EJ6
Medicare for all would guarantee health care for all people and save middle class families and our entire nation lot of money.
RT @dirtybirderic: Let's never forget what @SenSanders had to say about "homos in the military" back in 1995. https://t.co/QyH9diHnnO
This country was built by immigrants. I believe we are a nation that wants to see comprehensive immigration reform passed.
We must do everything we can to make sure the generation that fought to defend democracy and built our great nation does not go hungry.
We need someone who will work to lower drug prices &amp; implement rules to import brand-name drugs from Canada. Dr. Califf is not that person.
When millions of Americans cannot afford the drugs they need, we need a leader at the FDA who is prepared to stand up to the drug companies.
It is unacceptable that the monthly cost of cancer drugs has more than doubled over the last ten years to $9,900.
It's unacceptable that 1 out of 5 Americans between the ages of 19 and 64 cannot afford the drugs they are prescribed.
NEWS: Sanders Votes No on FDA Nominee https://t.co/D7z8IrkbDf https://t.co/Fc8O9i8bLz
Health care should be a right of all people, not a privilege. This is not a radical idea. It exists in every other major country on earth.
In my view, corporations should not be allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars.
It makes no sense to me that the United States of America has more jails and prisons than colleges and universities.
In 2015, a college degree is equivalent to what a high school degree was 50 years ago. Public colleges should be tuition free.
We can live in a nation where everyone, no matter their race, religion or sexual orientation realizes the full promise of equality.
In my view, no single financial institution should have holdings so extensive that its failure could send the world economy into crisis.
We have a situation now where Wall Street banks are not only too big to fail, they are too big to jail. That has got to change.
It is insane and counter-productive that that millions of kids leave school with a mountain of debt that burdens them for decades.
As a result of the Citizens United decision, our political system has been totally corrupted and the foundations of democracy undermined.
We have more people in jail than any other country on earth including China, an authoritarian country 4 times our size.
My Republican colleagues talk a lot about “family values.” https://t.co/2qlySxiOh4
I will do everything I can to stand up to the Donald Trumps of the world and their bigotry and their xenophobia. https://t.co/aHW9GpiLw4
The current federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised. The minimum wage must become a living wage.
We must tell the billionaire class: You cannot continue to get tax breaks while children in this country are going hungry!
Over 20 percent of mothers who have jobs in America have to go back to work just two weeks after giving birth. That’s unacceptable.
Today, one family, the Walton family of Walmart owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans! That is our economic reality.
It is an international embarrassment that nearly 20 percent of kids in America are living in poverty. https://t.co/c6DcpJxUaa
If you throw 17 million people off health insurance as Republicans would, people will die because they can't go to a doctor in time.
In the United States, CEOs make 300 times what their workers make. That is simply immoral and must be dealt with.
Americans will not support a candidate who does not favor raising the minimum wage and who thinks wages in the country are too high.
In America today, we not only have massive wealth and income inequality, but a power structure which protects that inequality.
The bottom line is that we cannot and we should not sweep up millions of men, women, and children and throw them out of the country.
Despite the efforts of many Republicans to suppress the vote, we must make it easier for people to participate in the political process.
The US must end the international embarrassment of being the only major country that doesn't guarantee workers paid medical &amp; family leave.
Instead of throwing 17 million Americans off of health insurance, we should be expanding on the Affordable Care Act https://t.co/hSPxqFFxJf
The American people will not support a candidate who thinks climate change is a hoax invented by the Chinese.
We need drug policies that work for everybody, not just the CEOs of the pharmaceutical industry.
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the market finally pay the taxes they should.
We must make it easier to import lower-cost drugs. Americans should not live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick.
Tens of thousands of Americans now spend more than $100,000 a year on prescription medication. One drug costs $1,000 per pill.
"Necessitous men are not free men.” - President Franklin D. Roosevelt https://t.co/dh59GTPPkR
83 Central American immigrants recently denied asylum were murdered within months of their return.  We must immediately cease these raids.
RT @AliceOllstein: Bernie Sanders demands President Obama end ‘inhumane’ roundups of immigrant families https://t.co/z1RpRl5TrR https://t.c…
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders writes Obama, seeking end to recently started deportation raids https://t.co/dE4ecSIAwF
Our immigration policies should be consistent with our historical commitment to provide protection to those fleeing violence and persecution
We can't continue to employ inhumane tactics involving deporting thousands of families to address a crisis that requires a humane solution.
I urge @POTUS to immediately cease the deportation raids and not deport families back to countries where a death sentence awaits.
NEWS: Sanders calls on Obama to end deportation raids, extend Temporary Protected Status to vulnerable families https://t.co/HwZqxjhUWe
The time is long overdue for this great country to join to the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care as a right to all.
Our corrupt system allowed Wall Street during the 1990s to spend $5 billion in lobbying and campaign contributions to get deregulated.
American becomes a greater nation when we stand together as one people and loudly and clearly say no to all forms of racism and bigotry.
The witch-hunt against Planned Parenthood, which provides critical health care to 3 million women, must end. https://t.co/mCcDpjxjwu
The Republican budget is not only bad legislation (and it is), it is also a waste of time. https://t.co/M1ST9XMPtN
The last thing we need is a budget reconciliation bill that throws 17 million Americans off health insurance and defunds Planned Parenthood.
75% of insured people struggling to pay medical bills make sacrifices like not buying food and household items: https://t.co/Zc0YkXp28F
We have got to demilitarize our local police departments so they do not look like invading armies.
When we talk about our responsibility as human beings, there is nothing more important than leaving this planet healthy and habitable.
Right now, our energy policy is rigged to boost the profits of big oil companies like Exxon and BP at the expense of average Americans.
One of the reasons that the rich are getting richer while the poor are getting poorer is that we have a corrupt campaign finance system.
We've got to discourage reckless gambling on Wall Street and use the revenue from a speculation tax to make public colleges tuition free.
Last week, the North Pole was warmer than Western Texas, Southern California, and parts of the Sahara. https://t.co/35C4lBQKwx
Not one major Wall Street executive has been prosecuted for causing our economy's near collapse. Big bankers must not be too big to jail.
We have got to discourage reckless gambling on Wall Street and encourage productive investments in the job-creating economy.
In my view, it is unacceptable that Americans are paying a $5 fee each time they go to the ATM.
Greed, fraud, dishonesty and arrogance, these are the words that best describe the reality of Wall Street today.
We cannot tolerate an economy and a political system that's been rigged by Wall Street to benefit the wealthiest at everyone else's expense.
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman, her family and physician to make, not the government. #StoptheSham
A vast majority of Americans, including responsible gun owners, agree with the common sense reforms announced today.
Republicans are clearly more loyal to gun lobbyists than our children. I support @POTUS's executive actions to make our communities safer.
Our goal must be to create a financial system and an economy that works for all Americans, not just a handful of billionaires.
Wall Street cannot be an island unto itself, gambling trillions of dollars. If a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist.
RT @VTEducation: #VTED deadline nears for @SenSanders State of the Union essay contest:  https://t.co/bY0GHp9ZY4
When you have so few banks with so much power, you have to not only reestablish Glass-Steagall, but you've got to break them up.
It is beyond my comprehension how we can have a major party who deny the reality of what the entire world's scientific community is saying.
RT @WVNYWFFF: Sen. Sanders' Annual State of the Union Essay Contest Deadline Approaching https://t.co/DRVXzQkaYA
For the life of me, I will never understand how a family like the Koch brothers worth $85 billion apparently think that's not enough money.
RT @USProgressives: .@RepJimMcdermott is a true progressive who championed #MedicareForAll &amp; opposed the Iraq War. We wish him the very bes…
This is the richest country in the history of the world. Millions of our people should not be living in poverty.
Instead of giving huge tax breaks to the wealthy, we should pay attention to the needs of seniors trying to survive on just $12,000 a year.
We judge a country not by the number of millionaires and billionaires it produces, but by how it treats the most vulnerable people.
How is it that a kid who smokes marijuana gets a police record, but the CEO of a company that ruins people’s lives has no criminal record.
We have more people in jail than any other country on Earth. We should be investing in jobs and education, not more jail and incarceration.
What Republicans are saying, very loudly and clearly, is that no woman in this country, has the right to control her own body. I disagree.
The debate is over. Climate change is real, and it’s caused by human activity.
What we have to do is not let Donald Trump and these other people divide us up.
"The most serious of the evils that afflict the world these days are youth unemployment &amp; the loneliness of the old" https://t.co/RwHNLruvW6
The benchmark of full time work in America should be simple and concrete – that no full-time worker should live in poverty.
What do the Koch brothers want? Let me tell you. They don’t just want to cut Social Security, they want to eliminate Social Security.
Today, one family, the Walton family of Walmart, owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans!
Over half of American workers have less than $10,000 in savings and have no idea how they will be able to retire with any shred of dignity.
We have a system that treats too many citizens who have not committed crimes like criminals. That's a reality that must change.
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick.
We need a movement which once and for all will end institutional racism in our country and reform a very broken criminal justice system.
It is grossly unfair that there are millionaires in this country who end up paying an effective tax rate lower than a middle-class worker.
It's not a radical concept that maybe the United States government should represent working families rather than a handful of billionaires.
People should not have to go without the medication they need just because politicians aren’t willing to challenge the drug lobby.
It is not a radical idea to say if a person works 40 hours a week that person should not live in poverty.
Happy New Year!
Today in America over 20% of our children are living in poverty — the highest rate of childhood poverty of nearly any major country.
The billionaire class cannot have it all. Our government belongs to all of us, and not just the one percent.
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty.
When Republicans talk about family values, they're talking about defunding Planned Parenthood.
Access to health care is a human right, and that includes access to safe and affordable prescription drugs.
RT @daveweigel: .@SenSanders, who knocked MSNBC for nixing Ed Schultz, criticizes the Post for ending @HaroldMeyerson’s column: https://t.c…
The fact that on any given night there are fifty thousand homeless veterans on the street is a national disgrace.
There are few progressive voices in corporate media. @HaroldMeyerson is one of the best. His insights will be sorely missed by Post readers.
I happen to believe that in a democratic, civilized society, all people should be entitled to health care as a right https://t.co/WsvnmID4VJ
Unlike Trump, who wants to give huge tax breaks to his fellow billionaires, we need to ask the wealthiest people to pay their fair share.
At a time of massive income and wealth inequality billionaires like Donald Trump should pay their fair share of taxes.
To say to some smart, young person: you're not going to be able to go to college because your family lacks the funds. That is pretty dumb.
11 million people cannot continue living in the shadows. We need comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship.
Republicans must start worrying about the planet they will leave their kids, not the campaign contributions they get from the Koch brothers.
It makes no sense that every year we lose $100 billion in tax revenue because profitable corporations stash their profits in tax havens.
Loudly and clearly, we must tell Republicans. No. We will not cut Social Security benefits for the elderly and disabled veterans.
I have a message for Donald Trump: No, we’re not going to hate Latinos, we’re not going to hate Muslims, we are going to stand together.
Many young people are leaving school deeply in debt for what? For the crime of trying to get an education and make it to the middle class.
We need major reforms in a very broken criminal justice system. We must stop the killing of unarmed African-Americans by the police.
We need to invest $1 trillion to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create up to 13 million decent-paying jobs.
Our foreign policy has failed the American people and led to wars like the war in Iraq which we should never have gotten into.
We are living in a rigged economy where corporate profits soar while millions of our children live in poverty.
It’s time to make banking work for the productive economy and for all Americans, not just a handful of wealthy speculators.
Republicans win elections when people don’t vote, when they turn off from politics. Progressives win when people know what’s going on.
Donald Trump wants to give billions of dollars in tax breaks to the top three tenths of 1 percent. That's not the America we need.
Nobody can recall a Christmas Eve where the temperature was 65 degrees. Why is it that we're not effectively addressing climate change?
The way we improve lives is by passing legislation which creates millions of decent paying jobs, not by having us hate Mexicans or Muslims.
We need a constitutional amendment that will overturn Citizens United and restore free and fair elections.
We need policies that bring us together, take on the greed of Wall St. and create an economy that works for all of us, rather than a few.
Donald Trump does not want to raise the minimum wage. In fact, he has said that he thinks wages in America are too high.
This nation and its government belong to all of the people, and not solely to a handful of billionaires, their super PACs and lobbyists.
Elections should be influenced by grassroots movements not a billionaire’s checkbook.
We have seen far too many people, often African Americans, who are unarmed, shot and killed by police officers.
https://t.co/qA6Apb2B8J
RT @FaceTheNation: Bernie Sanders: If Sandra Bland were white, her death “would not have happened” https://t.co/UKBlJMFv85
There is nothing that is more important than passing on an earth that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren.
It's time to end religious bigotry and build a nation where we all stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric.
Nearly two-thirds of the electorate didn't vote in 2014. It's clear we need radical change to bring more people into the political system.
The Koch brothers intend to spend $750 million on this election. That's more than either the Democratic or Republican Party will spend.
Over the last 30 years there has been a transfer of trillions of dollars from the middle class to the top one-tenth of one percent.
There is something profoundly wrong when the top one-tenth of one percent owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
You have families out there paying 6, 8, 10 percent on student debt but you can refinance your homes at 3 percent. What sense is that?
We have a major health care crisis. 29 million Americans still have no health insurance and millions more can't afford to go to the doctor.
Why is it that the United States today is the only major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all people as a right?
I believe we stand together to address the real issues facing this country, not allow them to divide us by race or where we come from.
We must bring people together to take on the powerful who've hurt the middle class. Trump is trying to play on fears and divide us up.
Merry Christmas from the Sanders family! https://t.co/mSi6GX0674
Our nation has always been a refuge for the oppressed. We need to take steps to protect children and families, not cast them out.
Blacks are imprisoned at six times the rate of whites. That is unacceptable.
I consider reforming our criminal justice system one of the most important things we must do.
I want the word to go out to every kid that if you study hard, regardless of your family's income, you will be able to go to college.
Addiction is a disease, not a criminal activity.
I want a new foreign policy that destroys ISIS but does not get us involved in perpetual warfare in the quagmire of the Middle East.
We have a campaign finance system which is corrupt. https://t.co/7GHpLfNF5c
NEWS: Following Sanders Investigation, Vermont Secures Discount on Life-Saving Drug https://t.co/AZSqbVVJ4i
I do not want to be liked by everybody. I want to be liked and supported by working families because I am going to take on Wall Street.
Our government belongs to all of us, and not just the hand full of billionaires.
We've got a corrupt campaign finance system in which millionaires and billionaires are heavily influencing the political process.
Sen. Bernie Sanders: To Rein In Wall Street, Fix the Fed https://t.co/Yxb4LyRtXU https://t.co/OKWxfdYdyJ
I do not want to be liked by everybody. There comes a time when you have to take on the establishment and not be part of that establishment.
Regime change without worrying about what happens the day after you get rid of the dictator doesn't make sense. https://t.co/FrZKVfZGkQ
Wall Street is a threat to the economy. They've got to be broken up.
Scapegoating minorities is not going to solve the problems facing our country.
We need to reform a very broken criminal justice system. https://t.co/kUMYQIv8rn
We are going to provide free tuition to public colleges and universities by imposing a tax on Wall Street speculation.
The greed of Wall Street is destroying this economy and is destroying the lives of millions of Americans.
We cannot just destroying ISIS. We must make sure we do it in a way that leads to a better future and more stability in the region.
The greed of corporate America is destroying our economy. They've got to be confronted. We need changes in the power structure of America.
We need pay equity for women workers. Women should not be making 79 cents on the dollar compared to men.
People are looking at Washington, and they're saying the rich are getting much richer, I'm getting poorer, what are you doing about it?
In my view, we have got to see that weapons designed by the military to kill people are not in the hands of civilians.
Three out of four of the largest banks are larger today than when we bailed them out. If they're too big to fail they're too big to exist.
Countries like Saudi Arabia and Qatar have got to step up to the plate to contribute money and troops to destroy ISIS with American support.
I know I have been considered to be very, very radical but on almost every issue that I’m talking about there is vast support among people.
The greed of corporate America and Wall Street is destroying the economy of the United States. These guys have got to be confronted.
We are living in a country that is moving quite rapidly toward an economic and political oligarchy, where a handful of people have control.
Understand that Donald Trump thinks a low minimum wage in America is a good idea. He thinks low wages are a good idea.
Martin Luther King Jr. was right when he said: “This country has socialism for the rich, and rugged individualism for the poor."
True freedom does not occur without economic security. In other words, people are not truly free when they are unable to feed their family.
In the United States today, we have more income and wealth inequality than at any time since 1928. Anyone think that makes sense?
The minimum wage was originally described as “socialist.”  Today it is seen as the foundation of the middle class.
The great middle class of America, once the envy of the entire world, has been disappearing. We must address this economic and moral issue.
Congress must pass legislation that make our rigged political and economic systems work for the vast majority of Americans not just the 1%.
The truth is we can't afford another spending package that expands the billionaire class's power and wealth at the expense of everyone else.
NEWS: Sanders Opposes Spending Package https://t.co/E7MagyAFG1
The current federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised to a living wage.
Since the Wall Street crash of 2008, more than 58% of all new income has gone to the top 1%. We must make our economy work for the 99%.
In the year 2015, a job must lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it.
In my view, and I feel this very strongly, instead of locking up our young people, maybe it’s time we found jobs and education for them.
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and recognize that healthcare is a right of all, and not a privilege.
Let's not let demagogues divide us up by our religion or the country that we come from.
The invasion of Iraq was a horrendous mistake. I don't want to see that repeated. I don't want to see the US going alone into the region.
The US is the only major country that doesn't regulate prescription drug prices and the results have been an unmitigated disaster.
NEWS: Skyrocketing Generic Drug Prices Cost Taxpayers $1.4 Billion, New Report Finds  https://t.co/f9YzI4eMas
It's time for the United States to join almost every other Western, industrialized country on earth in saying no to the death penalty.
Today's News: Sanders calls Fed rate hike bad news for working families &amp; talks foreign policy with Andrea Mitchell: https://t.co/m9y4EcKxTJ
Most new wealth flows to the top 1%. The system is rigged and held in place by corrupt politics where billionaires buy elections.
I am calling on all of us in public life and all Americans to condemn anti-Muslim hatred, to say “no” to those who promote this hatred.
It is time to say enough is enough. It is time to end religious bigotry. It is time to build a nation in which we all stand together.
The Fed should act with the same sense of urgency to rebuild the disappearing middle class as it did to bail out Wall Street 7 years ago.
Sen. Sanders: The Federal Reserve’s decision to raise interest rates is bad news for working families. https://t.co/puX0d1Tct2
I intend to do everything I can, in every way, to combat the xenophobia and racist rhetoric coming from Donald Trump and others.
Watch: Sen. Sanders is on MSNBC's @mitchellreports at 12:30 PM
Playing on people’s fears is counterproductive. We cannot continue to label entire people as terrorists or criminals or rapists.
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for a woman and her doctor to make, not the government.
You have a right to health care regardless of whether you are rich or poor.
America's always been a haven for the oppressed. We cannot shirk the historic role of the US as a protector of vulnerable people. #GOPDebate
We must keep our country safe, but we can do that without undermining the constitutional and privacy rights which make us free. #GOPDebate
We need to stop using prisons as a response to poverty.
Must Read: Pharma Bro's Latest Move Targets Latinos -@daisyhernandez https://t.co/O7Hba4UQNP https://t.co/Pz4AXLqb2J
In the richest country in the history of the world people shouldn't have to be working 50 or 60 hours a week to put food on the table.
Just as planes and tanks and guns are a cost of war, so is taking care of the men and women who we sent off to fight the war.
I believe strongly we can protect our people without undermining our constitutional rights. I worry we're moving to an Orwellian society.
We can defeat ISIS without getting ourselves involved in perpetual warfare in the Middle East. https://t.co/EbdJdVlXlC
Young people should be able to get an education regardless of income. What's radical about that?
My nightmare is that 20 or 30 years later, we're still talking about how we get out of Syria and Iraq. https://t.co/7Hrf5o1oKD
When people put their lives on the line to defend our country, I believe we have a moral responsibility to help them get the best healthcare
We are one of only 13 nations in the entire world, that doesn’t guarantee workers a paid vacation. Is that a family value?
If we are serious about moving beyond oil toward energy independence and combatting climate change, then we must ban offshore drilling.
Since #SandyHook Congress has done nothing to prevent this senseless violence from happening again. That is unacceptable. We must act now.
For the Kochs, $100 billion is not good enough. They will not be satisfied until they are able to control the entire political process.
Greed, unquenchable greed, is destroying our country. And a few people cannot have it all, while children in America go hungry.
If we do not change the system, a black male born today stands a one in four chance of spending time in prison. That is unacceptable.
Greed is destroying our economy. What we need to do is create an economy that works for all of us not just the top 1%.
At the end of the day, providing a path to go to college is a helluva lot cheaper than putting people on a path to jail.
We have a Republican Party which is much more interested in contributions from the fossil fuel industry than about the future of the planet.
We are the only major nation in the world that doesn’t guarantee paid time off for new parents. That's a travesty. It's an embarrassment.
We’ve got to stand up to the fossil fuel industry and fight for legislation that transforms our energy system away from fossil fuels.
Instead of listening to the demands of the pharmaceutical industry, it is time that Congress started listening to the American people.
While the #ParisAgreement is a step forward it goes nowhere near far enough. The planet is in crisis. We need bold action now.
The federal government will make $110 billion in profit on student loan programs over the next decade. This is morally wrong.
Citizens United has enabled billionaires &amp; special interests to increasingly control the political system &amp; amounts to legalized bribery.
RT @nowthisnews: Bernie Sanders wants to take the money from carbon taxes and use it to help working and lower class families https://t.co/…
I don’t think it’s a radical idea that in the richest country in the history of the world health care should be a right, not a privilege.
Sadly, in America today, it is very expensive to be poor.
Why do Republicans refuse to acknowledge the reality of climate change? Simple. They receive billions of dollars from fossil fuel companies.
RT @OversightDems: .@MartinShkreli: How did you pay for that $2 million @WuTangClan album? https://t.co/P62CNLhFOX https://t.co/BjTSdTuhS6
How irresponsible can we be to ignore what the entire scientific community is saying?
If we're serious about dealing with the threat of climate change, we need to end polluter welfare that subsidizes increased pollution.
During difficult times as Americans, we cannot succumb to racism. We will not allow ourselves to be divided and succumb to Islamophobia.
A working person making $12,000 a year is in no way equal in political power to somebody who is the head of a large corporation or bank.
At a time when elderly women are more likely than men to be living in poverty, we must expand--not cut--social security.
Bernie meets the Bernie Bear. https://t.co/PfeCP7a5a9
RT @alliegrasgreen: .@RonWyden bill would ban feds from garnishing Social Security to collect student debt: https://t.co/A7wRB8NW9t And @Se…
#TBT to when Sen. Sanders stood for 8.5 hours straight to defend working families. Hope you don't have plans tonight https://t.co/B29GtxwmVI
To combat climate change it is absolutely vital that we do what many economists tell us we must and that is put a price on carbon.
NEWS: Sanders Introduces Bill to Cut Carbon Emissions 80 Percent https://t.co/WGgUyfsUKo https://t.co/seGilRqq0v
RT @cspan: #tbt: @SenSanders Filibuster on Tax Cuts #OnThisDay 2010 https://t.co/jLwmsjyMHN #filibernie #filibuster https://t.co/po04T9oWQ3
RT @Earthjustice: @SenSanders TY for your bill, shining a light on #climatejustice helping communities overburdened with pollution https://…
We are not going back to the days when women had to risk their lives to end an unwanted pregnancy.
We cannot turn away from people who are fleeing Syria and Iraq with just the clothes on their backs. The world must respond. #HumanRightsDay
It is time to say loudly and clearly that corporate greed and the war against the American middle class must end. https://t.co/xkrWB8DqsU
Corporations cannot be allowed to stash their money in the Cayman Islands. We have to reinvest in America &amp; make education available to all.
There's been a massive transfer of wealth from the 99% to the top 1%. We've got to bring that money back to working families.
We have 47 million people living in poverty, 36% of African-American children are living in poverty. This is an issue we must deal with.
The immigrant detention &amp; deportation machine has resulted in the unjust policy of separating hundreds of thousands of families. It must end
Nearly 50 million Americans had trouble paying their medical bills last year. When you go to the hospital you shouldn't emerge in bankruptcy
The fight for minority voting rights is a fight for justice. It is inseparable from the struggle for democracy itself.
A life-saving drug does no good if the people who need it cannot afford that drug. https://t.co/Y1dMaTNDsf
RT @nytopinion: .@nytopinion readers had questions for Bernie Sanders. Here's the one he answered: https://t.co/EDW7K1eN13 https://t.co/boG…
Throughout history we’ve had demagogues trying to divert attention away from the real issues. Now Donald Trump is trying to divide us up.
I don't think it's very hard to understand that terrorists or potential terrorists should not have guns.
We have got to be as aggressive as we can in destroying ISIS, but we have to learn the lessons of the past. That means we cannot do it alone
As we transform our energy system, we must act to help fossil fuel workers transition to new clean-energy jobs. https://t.co/mIFvXPIUgw
It’s time for climate action that takes on the fossil fuel billionaires &amp; accelerates our transition to clean energy https://t.co/hZ0HUhTbSa
It is time for us to invest in technologies that are cutting greenhouse gas emissions. https://t.co/cSKJuLGOzS
We need a budget that will ensure pay equity for women workers. It is unacceptable that women earn 79 cents for every dollar a man earns.
.@SenTedCruz's climate denial hearing is dangerous &amp; irresponsible. We must take bold action to stop climate change. https://t.co/2BCbiDKgML
People who are barred from flying on airplanes should not have guns.
We need to make police departments look like the communities they serve.
If men gave birth to babies, there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose.
NEWS: Sanders Introduces Major Clean Energy Jobs Package https://t.co/76HQ41RpGL https://t.co/a7ItaSxG0I
As we transition to renewable energy, we have a moral responsibility to help working families in the fossil fuel industry find new jobs.
RT @MaddowBlog: Senator Bernie Sanders joins Rachel Maddow on tomorrow night's show, 9pm ET. https://t.co/F8rFJ4X0VY
If we keep burning fossil fuels we'll experience cataclysmic consequences. We must leave the vast majority of fossil fuels in the ground.
If we're serious about lowering the cost of energy, combatting climate change and cutting carbon emissions, we must ban offshore drilling.
The United States is a great nation when we stand together. We are a weak nation when we allow racism and xenophobia to divide us.
Now, Trump and others want us to hate all Muslims.
Demagogues throughout our history have attempted to divide us based on race, gender, sexual orientation or country of origin.
Drilling in the Arctic Circle and the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge at a time when we face a serious climate emergency is unthinkable.
It’s time to take on the fossil fuel billionaires, accelerate our transition to clean energy and put people before the profits of polluters.
RT @TIME: Bernie Sanders wins readers’ poll for TIME Person of the Year https://t.co/c77m4pT6X9
The fossil fuel industry spends billions of dollars buying candidates to block progress on climate change. https://t.co/Qpan0HWyYR
What does the fossil fuel industry get in exchange for all their money? Friends who make it harder to take action to fight climate change.
Sadly, we now have a Republican Party that is more concerned about protecting the profits of Exxon, BP and Shell than protecting the planet.
As we destroy ISIS, it's essential that we do not allow fear and division to undermine the constitutional rights that make us a free people.
President Obama is right. ISIS will be destroyed with an international coalition. https://t.co/BzIW0RMqlT
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Obama Oval Office Address https://t.co/gr0OCqK6sf
We cannot and should not be trapped in perpetual warfare in the Middle East. https://t.co/8Y6gRjW5FC
We cannot and should not sweep up millions of people, many of whom have been here for years, and throw them out of the country.
There must be no new offshore drilling. Not now, not ever. https://t.co/aZmSTVk1pd
"Our common home is being pillaged, laid waste and harmed with impunity." - Pope Francis https://t.co/OuWoPKhMyC
We must say to the fossil fuel industry: "Sorry, your short term profits are less important than the future of our planet.”
If we are serious about protecting out planet, we must end polluter welfare. https://t.co/0by5SQjQJ8 https://t.co/enR4OijKpT
Before the passage of the ACA, 45,000 Americans died every year because they lacked health insurance. We cannot go back to those dark days.
We have a major crisis in opiate addiction. We need a revolution in mental health treatment so all people can get the help they need.
When you are sick, you should be able to access health care and see a doctor. That is not a radical idea.
When youth unemployment and underemployment is at 30 or 40 or 50% we need to invest in jobs and education, not more jails and incarceration.
We need a budget that tells Wall Street and the billionaire class that they have to start paying their fair share of taxes.
Today in America, as the middle class continues to disappear, median family income is $4,100 less than it was in 1999.
RT @Earthjustice: @SenSanders TY for standing against attacks on our air, water, lands &amp; wildlife! #NoRiders https://t.co/N9jNsflMS4 https:…
I am confident that the Supreme Court will support the president’s authority to defend aspiring Americans.
NEWS: Sanders, Congressional Democrats File Amicus Brief Supporting Obama’s Immigration Executive Actions https://t.co/3StYWDm1zJ
If we can import lettuce from Mexico, why can't we import safe and affordable prescription drugs from Canada. https://t.co/JrJyyY4z3f
The reason why the American people are angry is that Congress is not addressing the real problems that are impacting Americans every day.
Last year, nearly one in five Americans – 35 million people – did not get their prescriptions filled because they did not have enough money.
When there are major crises facing our country, why are we debating a bill that throws 17 million Americans off health insurance?
The American people are angry because Congress is not addressing the real problems that are impacting their lives each and every day.
The defunding of Planned Parenthood is part of a long-term smear campaign by people who want to deny women the right to control their bodies
NEWS: Sanders Calls for Common-Sense Gun Safety Legislation https://t.co/nNIjkriFvT
We must greatly expand and improve our mental health capabilities so individuals and families can get help they need when they need it.
We need to strengthen penalties for straw purchasers who buy guns from licensed dealers on behalf of people prohibited from buying a gun.
We need to close loopholes that allow domestic abusers and stalkers to obtain guns.
We need to close the gun show loophole.
The vast majority of the American people support gun safety legislation. Congress must act now. https://t.co/ZdpTGMIkTo
We need to make gun trafficking a federal crime and give law enforcement the tools they need to get illegal guns off the streets.
We need to renew the assault weapons ban. We need to end the sale of high capacity magazines
We need universal background checks – something that is supported by 90% of the American people and the vast majority of gun owners.
We need sensible legislation that prevents guns from being used by people who should not have them.
The San Bernardino shooting was the 355th mass shooting this year.  Gun violence has reached epidemic levels in the US. It must end.
Mass shootings are becoming an almost-everyday occurrence in this country. This sickening and senseless gun violence must stop.
We must stop the war on Planned Parenthood and make sure women have the ability to control their own bodies #StandWithPP
Republicans must end the witch-hunt against Planned Parenthood, which provides critical health care to millions of Americans #StandWithPP
RT @micnews: Bernie Sanders just took a powerful stand for Planned Parenthood on the Senate floor https://t.co/7jUFwHM0q1 https://t.co/UwDr…
RT @BonnieNorthGP: Bernie Sanders: GOP Candidates Care More About Koch Money Than Preserving the Planet for Our Children https://t.co/ZPVr3…
Must Read: How an $84,000 drug got its price: ‘Let’s hold our position … whatever the headlines’ -@Carolynyjohnson https://t.co/25W4cThfOU
It is time to enact prescription drug policies that work for everyone, not just the CEOs of the pharmaceutical industry.
We cannot let our students leave school with a burdensome mountain of debt. Public colleges and universities should be tuition-free.
The pope was right when he said climate change is getting worse and that unless we act "we are at the limits of suicide." #COP21
In America, millionaires and billionaires should not be able to buy elections. We must overturn Citizens United.
By sitting down at the front of the bus, Rosa Parks inspired a whole nation to demand change. https://t.co/FMsTwLbCXJ
NEWS: Sanders Slams Republican Budget https://t.co/08pV7R9Wko https://t.co/MldVGxOy0B
Instead of defunding Planned Parenthood, we should be expanding it so that every woman in this country gets the health care she needs.
Instead of throwing 17 million Americans off health insurance, we should expand on the ACA to make health care a right, not a privilege.
RT @cspan: .@SenSanders on Health Care - LIVE on C-SPAN2 https://t.co/uMUOTmikdc #hcr https://t.co/rNUJgpuSC1
Coming up Sen. Sanders will speak on the floor to lead the Democratic opposition to the GOP budget. Watch: https://t.co/bGLuEY5k7L
The biggest problem in caring for those with AIDS is no longer a scientific problem, the crisis is access to affordable drugs. #WorldAIDSDay
NEWS: U.S. Must Lead on Climate Change, Sanders Says #COP21 https://t.co/RJEFyQ0d6t https://t.co/ZxhdJcYbph
It is morally wrong when the federal government makes over $1 billion on student loan programs. Student loan interest rates must be lowered.
We must take on the pharmaceutical industry that is ripping off Americans, so people can afford the drugs they need to live. #WorldAIDSDay
NEWS: On #WorldAIDSDay, Sanders Demands Affordable Drugs: https://t.co/6cTPv4y3C5
The scientific community could not be clearer. Climate change is real, man-made and causing severe damage that we can no longer ignore.
We need to put together a broad coalition including the strong participation of the Muslim countries in the region to fight ISIS.
Republicans must start worrying about the planet they will leave their kids, not the contributions they get from the fossil fuel industry.
Congratulations Spc. Skylar Anderson on becoming America's first female combat engineer! https://t.co/nsM1fMH8JL
We must tell Republicans: No, we will not cut Social Security benefits for the elderly and disabled veterans. We must expand benefits.
Must Read: How Walmart Keeps an Eye on Its Massive Workforce -@susanberfield https://t.co/b83sckPzah https://t.co/OId6ix27Vo
We are living in a rigged economy. Corporate profits  are soaring while millions of our children live in poverty.
We can create 13 million good-paying jobs by investing $1 trillion into rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure. https://t.co/gOQUS5w82o
The economic and political systems of this country are stacked against ordinary Americans. https://t.co/bB5kalL2EA
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will die because they cannot afford to take the life-saving medication they need.
We must modernize our infrastructure and create millions of new jobs that will help the economy. My plan: https://t.co/ogqVbqghfn
My goal is to get corporations out of the business of running jails and do away with mandatory-minimum sentencing.
I despise appeals to nativism and prejudice and believe in immigration reform that gives aspiring Americans a pathway to citizenship.
Pope Francis: "Rampant capitalism has taught us the logic of profit at all costs..." https://t.co/S4neC5U3rx
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the market finally pay the taxes they should.
RT @BigBoi: Bernie Sanders introduces bill ending federal marijuana ban https://t.co/og7FA3TT0C … via @HuffPostPol vote https://t.co/tnwCb0…
We are one world and one people. And that belief leads me to the conclusion that we just cannot turn our back on human suffering.
We must give people confidence that we have a criminal-justice system that works for all, regardless of their wealth or power.
RT @NYTNational: As a mayor, Bernie Sanders joined hands with Republicans to get things done https://t.co/br2YlHF0HQ https://t.co/EmsSfcj16N
I strongly support Planned Parenthood and its work and hope people realize that bitter rhetoric can have unintended consequences.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Colorado Planned Parenthood Shooting https://t.co/U4LPypkU8j https://t.co/boL2bQLECS
You have millions of families today who do not know how they're gonna feed their kids tonight. That is a fact.
The Walton family of Walmart own more wealth than the bottom 42% of Americans combined. #BlackFriday
Every worker in America should be guaranteed at least twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave. #FAMILYAct https://t.co/dMURnJUd6E
By taxing Wall Street speculators, we can save middle-class families sending kids to college an average of $9,400 a year.
The failure to prosecute the crooks on Wall Street for their illegal behavior is a clear indictment of our broken criminal justice system.
It's immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of Americans without health care.
As we gather with our loved ones to give thanks today, we should reflect on the fact that not all families will be so lucky.
Real family values strengthen the bonds of family and improve the lives of our families. On these values, our country deserves better.
"The third freedom is freedom from want." -President Franklin Delano Roosevelt https://t.co/yTD6DOzD22
Congress does not regulate Wall Street, Wall Street regulates Congress. The big banks are just too powerful.
RT @nytpolitics: As mayor, Bernie Sanders was more pragmatic than socialist. https://t.co/E71F1eCvUn https://t.co/Y06LrZtlrS
The first piece must be putting an end to the killing of African Americans by police officers.
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century.
The issue of wealth and income inequality is the great moral, economic and political issue of our time.
99% of all new income generated today goes to the top 1%. Does anybody think that that is the kind of economy this country should have?
Too many girls and women are still suffering from domestic violence and sexual abuse and that must end. #orangetheworld
We can't forget the aspiring Americans who continue to live in the shadows. We must enact policies that unite families, not tear them apart.
It is absurd that corporations are allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars.
When the United States is the only developed country without mandatory paid sick leave, the American people and the economy suffer.
A real family value is when new parents are allowed to stay home with their newborn children.
More than a third of senior citizens depend on Social Security for virtually all of their income. We must expand, not cut Social Security
NEWS: Sanders is the most popular senator in America with an approval rating of 83% https://t.co/qh3FjmqMXs
RT @ConsultReid: We asked 76k people whether they approve of the job their sens are doing. Sen with highest rating: Bernie Sanders. https:/…
The Koch brothers will spend more money on this campaign than either the Democrats or GOP. That is oligarchy and will only get worse.
Today's News: Sanders calls on Obama administration to block Pfizer tax dodge https://t.co/Xw5KmKCeqz
When a parent is forced to send their sick child to school because they cannot
afford to stay home with that child that isn't a family value
When millions of people stand up and fight we win. Thanks for being one of our 1 million followers on Twitter! https://t.co/z9RrOxGSLj
We not only have massive wealth and income inequality, but a power structure which protects that inequality.
Today, in America, median family income, is $4,100 less than it was in 1999. https://t.co/KT7CY74PCv
This merger would be a disaster for Americans who already pay the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs https://t.co/tghyU6KrHO
NEWS: Sanders Condemns Pfizer-Allergan Merger https://t.co/vpLwzjuF4V https://t.co/utFa2BVDIO
It is not a radical idea to say that if somebody works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty.
Must Read: If America really valued mothers, we wouldn’t treat them like this -@ezraklein https://t.co/IAsq1KHirZ https://t.co/DfBxQZLaCF
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts, while veterans sleep out on the streets.
When over half of Americans have less than $10,000 in savings, we shouldn't be talking about cutting Social Security. We should be expand it
In America today, we should not have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country on earth.
One in four black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. This is an unspeakable tragedy.
If Teddy Roosevelt, a good Republican, were alive today, you know what he'd say? "Break up the big banks." And he would be right.
When we put money into the hands of working people, they're going to buy goods and they're going to create jobs in doing that.
As a result of a corrupt campaign finance system Congress isn't listening to the American people. It's listening to the big money interests.
It is not a radical idea to say that a single mom should be earning enough money to take care of her kids.
The US is the only major country that doesn't guarantee health care to all people as a right, not a privilege. That is an embarrassment.
If you're gonna work 40 hours a week, you shouldn't live in poverty. We have to raise the minimum wage to a living wage.
People should not be using the political process to inject racism into the debate.
Billionaires pay an effective tax rate lower than nurses or truck drivers. That makes no sense at all.
Must Read: Specialty drugs now cost more than the median household income-@Carolynyjohnson https://t.co/24xev4mVBu https://t.co/Wy1DgSPzEk
Democratic socialism means that we must create an economy that works for all, not just the very wealthy.
RT @MaxEhrenfreund: Bernie Sanders is right: The top 0.1 percent have as much as the bottom 90 percent https://t.co/e3rGH04mP4 https://t.co…
Too many people have suffered and too many people have died for us to continue to hear racist words coming from major political leaders.
Donald Trump's statement is outrageous and bigoted. We will not destroy ISIS by undermining the Constitution. https://t.co/yVD0NG6WKw
I don't believe in special treatment for the top 1%... https://t.co/gjR4obeBLO
RT @MoveOn: #VT's @SenSanders shows the world that #AmericaWelcomes! #SyrianRefugees #LiftMyLamp #RefugeesWelcome https://t.co/VoQ3oFOnbT
We need an international effort to eliminate the stain of ISIS from the world.
https://t.co/FVET1fguBE
When 63% of people don’t vote and 80% of young people don’t vote, that's not a democratic system.
When Wall Street regulates Congress, when their business model is fraud, it becomes obvious that Wall Street doesn’t play by the rules.
Democratic Socialism means that we must reform our political system which is not only grossly unfair but, in many respects, corrupt.
The drug companies never lose. As a result, we pay by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.
We have legislation that would create up to 13 million jobs rebuilding crumbling infrastructure – roads, bridges, rail, and airports.
Real freedom must include economic security. https://t.co/abyr2fi6Ih
What we saw in Paris was disgusting and barbaric. But we are a strong enough nation to say we’re not going to lose who we are as a people.
RT @POTUS: Slamming the door in the face of refugees would betray our deepest values. That's not who we are. And it's not what we're going …
If we turn our backs on refugees, we will be destroying what this country is supposed to be about.
https://t.co/WNS845xigH
We have to boldly transform our energy system away from fossil fuel while also protecting the workers in those industries.
When the people are not involved, politicians respond to lobbyists and donors. When people speak up, we can make Congress work for families.
The top 4 pharmaceutical companies made $57 billion in profits last year and spent more on sales and marketing than research &amp; development
If you think it is too expensive to take care of our veterans, don't send them to war.
https://t.co/elk4i3h7Ax
We bailed out Wall Street. It's their turn to bail out the middle class and help our kids go to college tuition-free.
Now is the time to unite the world in an organized campaign against ISIS that will eliminate the stain of ISIS from this world
It is an embarrassment that with few exceptions Republicans refuse to recognize the reality of climate change.
Today’s vote to block the Clean Power Plan is a reminder that Republicans are more concerned with campaign contributions than our planet.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Effort to Repeal Clean Power Plan https://t.co/RTOq5VzMQJ https://t.co/gXzEYMSyu5
In the last 30 years there has been a massive redistribution of wealth. The problem is this redistribution has gone in the wrong direction.
We spend over $600 billion a year on the military yet, significantly less than 10% of that money is used to fight international terrorism.
People are dying and not buying the food they need because they have to pay outrageous prices for medicine. https://t.co/sySSfQ2Dje
RT @YahooPolitics: "We are all heartbroken and dismayed by the depravity of what we saw in Paris" - @SenSanders https://t.co/MUNaDuhPAI htt…
Dr. Califf has deeper ties to pharma than any FDA commissioner in recent history. https://t.co/CMN8KnD5na https://t.co/i2JQtWn2fY
Let’s be clear: a life saving prescription drug does not do anyone any good if they cannot afford to fill that prescription.
.@sam_baker FDA has the authority to import drugs from Canada, allowing Americans to buy the exact same drugs for less.
NEWS: Sanders Questions FDA Nominee With Deep Pharma Ties: https://t.co/5oOrLQFq9q
Millions of Americans can't afford to purchase drugs they need. We need a leader at the FDA who will stand up to pharmaceutical companies.
Sen. Sanders will talk with @katiecouric on @YahooNews at 1 PM ET.  Watch live here: https://t.co/1gQLvcyCst
RT @washingtonpost: What Americans thought of Jewish refugees on the eve of World War II https://t.co/sscMXQ5mQO https://t.co/JG4WPs50by
Sen. Sanders will attend the hearing on new FDA commissioner nominee today at 10 AM. Watch live here: https://t.co/QlxGV2jTzP
We must do what we do best and that is be Americans – fighting racism, fighting xenophobia, fighting fear.
Today's News: Sanders opposes banning Syrian refugees &amp; highlights his support for paid family leave https://t.co/IFtOTodQQv
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved already.
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman and her doctor to make, not the government.
If the minimum wage had kept pace with productivity, it would be more than $16 per hour today.
It's unconscionable that millions of new parents are forced back to work because they can't afford to stay home with their newborn babies.
It's unacceptable that millions of college graduates can't afford to buy their first home or car because of outrageously high student debt.
We have a moral responsibility to prevent the most severe climate change impacts that fall overwhelmingly upon the poor and most vulnerable
Must Read: Found too late: Cancer preys on rural Americans -@laura_ungar https://t.co/KyBVD5t4IR
No one should go bankrupt or skip getting the care they need because they cannot afford it
If we think a new trade deal, based on the same principles as the old agreements, is going to bring different results,  we are very wrong.
The greed of the pharmaceutical industry is killing Americans.  It has got to stop.
Employees working full time in the U.S. Senate should not be living in poverty. https://t.co/SmE7l3bPTB
We must preserve a woman's right to control her own body. https://t.co/qv87dpAv5w
RT @HuffPostPol: Bernie Sanders goes to bat for Senate cafeteria workers https://t.co/qvDlRUSfYG https://t.co/1mv2aB2OeO
RT @greenhousenyt: Sanders &amp; dozens of Dem Senators urge contractor that runs Senate cafeteria to end its coercive anti-union tactics. http…
In America today, we are seeing the richest getting richer, and almost everyone else becoming poorer. Enough is enough!
NEWS: Sanders, Senate Leaders Tell Senate Contractor to Let Workers Organize https://t.co/2OoCmTYtox https://t.co/Ax0auKLrcQ
We cannot let our grandchildren wonder why we did nothing about climate change. We must take bold action to transform our energy system now.
Today's News: Inspired by Sanders, students at over a hundred colleges staged marches in support of free tuition https://t.co/qkUVltvrYI
I'll do all I can to make sure the US doesn't get involved in another quagmire like we did in Iraq, one of our worst foreign policy blunders
Citizens United has opened up the road to oligarchy in the United States. This is a real danger to American democracy.
RT @DaniDougPost: Read how @SenSanders inspired #MillionStudentMarch  https://t.co/EWTtdPnEg1
Higher education is a right. We must fight to ensure that every American can go to college without living in debt.
As a nation of immigrants, it is our moral duty to make a pathway to citizenship for the 11 million people living in the shadows.
The bloated Pentagon budget continues to pour money into outdated weapons systems that don’t function properly. That has got to change.
Americans are becoming much sicker and in some cases dying because they cannot afford the drugs they're prescribed. https://t.co/3DNwSxrHHt
How is it that we can afford to allow 1 in 4 major corporations to not pay federal income taxes but we can't afford to help our veterans?
If you can't afford to take care of your veterans then you do not go to war.
We have a moral obligation to keep our promise to provide for every veteran and their families. https://t.co/L2rsq5fI2T
If patriotism or love of country means anything, it means that we do not now, or ever, turn our backs on those who defended us. #VeteransDay
RT @danmericaCNN: Bernie Sanders marches in a Veterans Day parade in Lebanon, NH. https://t.co/Vam4g6GNIe
America becomes a stronger nation when we stand together as one people and say no to all forms of racism and bigotry.
Today, as we honor the brave men and women who risk their lives to defend us, we must commit to care for our veterans every day of the year.
Today's News: Sanders joined the #FightFor15 yesterday to demand a $15 minimum wage and a union https://t.co/HFeqmlTRkY
The average CEO now makes nearly 300 times more than the average worker. https://t.co/uoVJRJRxlw
The $7.25 an hour federal minimum wage is a starvation wage. It has got to be raised to a living wage!
https://t.co/f9OZShQwkt
We cannot and should not sweep up millions of poeple – many of whom have been in the US for years – and throw them out of the country.
RT @AP_Politics: In the rain, Sen. Bernie Sanders rallies Capitol workers over pay: 
https://t.co/OP6XgLI4jb
American immigration policy should be about uniting families, not separating families.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Immigration Ruling https://t.co/cHyEd24ZuM https://t.co/o0JU4dm8SS
NEWS: Sanders Votes Against Increasing Defense Spending https://t.co/C3U5ytl12b https://t.co/pRygPmdcR6
RT @GoodJobsNation: Thank you @SenSanders for standing with federal contract workers in their #fightfor15! #feelthebern https://t.co/edsGDU…
RT @MSNBC: LIVE NOW: @BernieSanders holds minimum wage rally on Capitol Hill https://t.co/CJdOMxDuhY #FightFor15 https://t.co/NztXIkDwc9
RT @GoodJobsNation: People in this country who work for a living deserve a living wage! -@SenSanders #FeelTheBern #FightFor15 https://t.co/…
In the year 2015, a job has got to lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. #FightFor15 https://t.co/VKOK78BPBD
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave our children a healthy and habitable planet. https://t.co/eD5DpIm2eD
Today’s News: Sanders stands with striking workers #FightFor15 https://t.co/rpSXSYxfOL
America has always been a haven for the oppressed. We cannot shirk the historic role of the US as a protector of those fleeing persecution.
I stand with the thousands of workers on strike today to demand $15 and a union. #FightFor15
Companies should not be making profits by incarcerating people in this country.
Democracy means one person one vote. It does not mean that the Koch brothers and other billionaires should be able to buy elections.
Our campaign finance system is corrupt as a result of the disastrous Citizens United decision.
Must Read: Climate Change Could Push Over 100 Million Into Extreme Poverty by 2030 -@Karl_Ritter https://t.co/NuEtA1MPRt
When you’re sick, you should be able to access health care. When you go to the hospital, you should not come out in bankruptcy.
RT @Reinlwapo: Postal warrior:Bernie Sanders's passion for the prosaic — or why the Post Office is part of what makes America great https:/…
.@MartinShkreli You must complete all sections of the application in order to be considered for the position. https://t.co/1RTeYHXSPD -Staff
When you organize at the grassroots level that's when change takes place. #OurGenerationOurChoice https://t.co/2JEQLERbsW
Want to intern for Sen. Sanders? Make sure you finish your application by Friday: https://t.co/GVzwdGi3Ra
It is not an American value to talk about rounding up millions of people and throwing them out of the country. That is xenophobia.
Today's News: Sanders' crusade to save the postal service is a powerful emblem of what can work in government https://t.co/lLRPwADNOX
We have got to move toward public funding of elections so that candidates in the future are not dependent on big money interests.
Make no mistake: The right-wing in this country is waging a war against women. We must ensure that this is a war they are going to lose.
If the Republicans can't face a free election, they should get another job.
Pope Francis: "The quality of a society...is also judged by how it treats elderly people." https://t.co/aSuZ3HsjXb
As we look back through history, we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country. https://t.co/WPrCsYaEgq
I want to invest in jobs and education for our young people rather than jails and incarceration.
If our country stands for anything it must be that we do everything we can to protect those who put their lives on the line to protect us.
We have to end this absurd voter suppression which is intentionally denying low-income people, people of color &amp; seniors the ability to vote
In my view, Democrats will not win unless we run campaigns which generate excitement and momentum and which produces a large voter turnout.
Anybody who suppresses the vote, who intentionally tries to keep people from voting, is a political coward. They are undermining democracy.
Democratic socialism means having a government that represents the needs of the vast majority of Americans rather than just the top 1%.
Are you a Vermonter interested in interning for Sen. Sanders? Apply by Nov. 13: https://t.co/5r6LZsXxoJ
As someone who has led the opposition to #KeystoneXL from Day 1, I strongly applaud the president's decision to kill this project.
It's insane to support the excavation and transportation of some of the dirtiest fuel. I strongly applaud the decision to kill #KeystoneXL.
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness. That is unacceptable.
Today’s News: ExxonMobil under investigation after Sanders called for inquiry, continues opposing #TPP. https://t.co/Whvms9mFcX
RT @nytopinion: Has the tipping point finally come for marijuana legislation? https://t.co/1rSlNM0qcd https://t.co/7wYDy2WycH
Too often our Native American brothers and sisters have seen corporate profits put ahead of their sovereign rights. https://t.co/QYOnoFlOz4
Senior citizens in America should not have to choose between food, medicine or heating their homes. https://t.co/wsZf38ZTwF
RT @mmcauliff: @SenSanders and Tammy Baldwin want to take back ceremonial Apache lands that Congress gave to a foreign mine firm. https://t…
The evidence suggests Exxon lied about climate change to protect their profits. If it's true, they broke the law. https://t.co/iAmVIbTIVc
We need to rebuild the disappearing middle class, not tear it down.
I will do everything I can to defeat the #TPP.  We need trade policies in this country that work for working families, not just CEOs.
NEWS: Bad Trade Deal 'Worse Than I Thought,' Sanders Says about #TPP: https://t.co/DoFQSRX5mR
RT @thinkprogress: Bernie Sanders: Obama should reject Keystone now https://t.co/nvifQhiLKP https://t.co/HULySUka1F
The cost of war continues until the last veteran receives the care and benefits that he or she has earned on the battlefield.
NEWS: Sanders, Baldwin Drop Bill to Stop Land Giveaway, Protect Native American Place of Worship: https://t.co/A7yfMDNMog #TribalNations
NEWS: Senators Introduce Legislation to Boost Social Security and Other Critical Benefits for Seniors, Veterans: https://t.co/DScEORXQxZ
If we're ser­i­ous about cli­mate change, we can’t just talk the talk, we've got to walk the walk and take on power­ful special interests.
It is unacceptable that millions of senior citizens and disabled veterans did not receive a cost-of-living adjustment this year.
Today’s News: Sanders, Merkley introduce bill to ban new drilling on public lands. https://t.co/5l03mB21Sy
We have to stand up to the fossil fuel industry and transform our energy system away from fossil fuel to sustainable energy.
The Koch brothers do not want to make life better for ordinary people.
https://t.co/LIUVleNJgW
RT @WSJPolitics: Bernie Sanders Proposes Ending Federal Marijuana Ban https://t.co/nmMLillLx1
News: Sanders, Merkley Introduces Bill to Ban New Drilling on Public Land https://t.co/oPmB2i7sEM https://t.co/V3NwwxuGtb
RT @MorningEdition: .@NPRinskeep is out talking with @SenSanders this afternoon. Tune in to hear their conversation Thursday morning, 11/5.
It is absurd that at a time when we should be cutting carbon emissions, we are instead extracting even more fossil fuels on public lands.
We have a moral responsibility to act to reverse global warming. #KeepItInTheGround https://t.co/wNxj6UCdGE
To Republicans who reject the science on climate change, I say worry less about your campaign contributions and more about your children.
To avoid a temperature increase of 5-10° in the next century 80% of the world’s fossil fuels must stay in the ground https://t.co/iYPqdXXknF
RT @SenJeffMerkley: LIVE NOW—Speaking w/@SenSanders @BillMcKibben to keep fossil fuels in the ground https://t.co/4RpG54dhVf #ActOnClimate …
RT @LGamGam: .@SenSanders launches new climate plan to curb US fossil fuel extraction by @suzyji https://t.co/n6iSTfc2dG
RT @MotherJones: Breaking: Bernie Sanders Wants to Ban All New Fossil Fuel Development on Federal Lands https://t.co/SltYaktVp6 https://t.c…
Sen. Sanders and @SenJeffMerkley unveil major climate legislation to keep fossil fuels in the ground. Live at Noon: https://t.co/mrhBGQgjnk
What we need now is a political movement of millions of people to transform American society. The same old same old just won't do it.
Today’s News: Sanders joins @allinwithchris, will introduce bill w/ @SenJeffMerkley to ban drilling on public lands: https://t.co/bqTGMSUOuY
It's a disgrace that millions of full-time workers are living in poverty &amp; many more are forced to work 2 or 3 jobs just to pay their bills.
Instead of cutting Social Security or disability programs, as most Republicans want, we need to expand Social Security benefits.
I find it unconscionable that my Republican colleagues are attempting to undermine efforts to keep our water clean. https://t.co/lKmCk34vqQ
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Clean Water Act: https://t.co/sboreEUb2M
Watch Sen. Sanders on MSNBC's @mitchellreports now
Election Day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the time and opportunity to vote. https://t.co/dg7YGOWVBI
If we are serious about combating climate change we have to do all we can to prevent the excavation of the dirtiest fossil fuels #KeystoneXL
When you tell a woman that she cannot control her own body, that's extremism. https://t.co/Q9Zfqwhh09
African Americans are much more likely to be arrested for using marijuana than will whites. That is unacceptable.
https://t.co/kONVgRRBwO
We’re living in a rigged economy where it doesn’t matter how hard you work, the result is that the income goes to the people at the very top
My nightmare is that the United States once again gets caught up in a quagmire in the Middle East that never ends.
All over this country people are working two or three jobs, yet they can’t afford child care or to send their kids to college.
RT @voxdotcom: The budget deal made a change that's good for Medicaid — and bad for Martin Shkreli https://t.co/jquDNzlCuq
Today's News: Sanders skeptical about president's decision to put special forces on the ground in Syria https://t.co/eVOxEeNswO
As the largest and most powerful military in the world, we need to use military force as a last resort, not a first option.
RT @BostonGlobe: As Vermont official, Bernie Sanders "got things done" https://t.co/qLIzTHA8jz https://t.co/RD4dLpgMpr
Americans have more student debt than credit card or auto-loan debt. That is a tragedy for our young people and our nation.
A key pathway to the middle class runs through college, but rising costs are making it harder for Americans to get the education they need.
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders trick or treats with three of his grandchildren in Lebanon, NH. https://t.co/Y8BGmuSt79
Instead of sending American jobs to China, corporate America has got to re-invest in this country and create decent-paying jobs in America.
Instead of giving tax breaks to millionaires, we need to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create millions of decent-paying jobs.
Happy Halloween from The Monster! https://t.co/uuau3avuTF
FDR: "We know now that Government by organized money is just as dangerous as Government by organized mob." https://t.co/331gL0dqfq
Real criminal justice reform must include joining every other major democracy in eliminating the death penalty.
We must demilitarize police departments so they do not look like oppressing armies.
We need to expand Social Security to make sure every American can retire in dignity.
Rising costs are making it harder and harder for ordinary Americans to get the education they want and need. https://t.co/sIgKspEbWa
In 2014, there were 620,000 marijuana possession arrests. That’s one every minute.
Today's News: Sanders calls for end to death penalty &amp; federal prohibition on marijuana https://t.co/JmDFoqGxrV
Sen. Sanders calls for reforms to fix our broken criminal justice system. Watch: https://t.co/GhomYArY5r
We must go beyond the doctrine of revenge. https://t.co/QYrStMElqT
With so much violence in this world today, I just don't think the state itself should be in the business of killing people.
RT @cspan: WATCH: @SenSanders remarks on Criminal Justice Reform https://t.co/AcC2yAgqgq https://t.co/JZlNKJTTLm
NEWS: Sanders Calls for End to Death Penalty During Senate Speech on Criminal Justice Reform. https://t.co/yT32UCjgtH
The State, in a democratic, civilized society, should itself not be involved in the murder of other Americans.
The time is now for the United States to end capital punishment.
RT @cspan: .@SenSanders on Criminal Justice Reform – LIVE on C-SPAN2 https://t.co/JWIhLLmckF https://t.co/uWHXzRFyoc
It is time to stop pushing so many people – disproportionately people of color – into the criminal justice system. https://t.co/eEIuLbCAJ1
Sen. Sanders is headed to the Senate floor to discuss criminal justice reform &amp; his opposition to the death penalty: https://t.co/Je62ITzy3o
A society which proclaims human freedom as its goal, as we do, must work unceasingly to end discrimination against all people.
RT @EJDionne: Good for PaulRyan for wanting family time. He could (&amp; should) show empathy by backing paid family leave. My column
https://t…
The time is long overdue for us to take marijuana off the federal government’s list of outlawed drugs.
Today’s News: Sanders stands up against Islamophobia, calls for removing marijuana from list of illegal drugs. https://t.co/amCsmvp0S7
A lot of Republican candidates talk about family values. What they are saying is that no woman should have the right to control her own body
It is an embarrassment that we have a major political party that rejects the overwhelming science on climate change.
Too many Americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use. That has got to change.
RT @Wonkblog: Why Bernie Sanders’ marijuana proposal would be a big deal https://t.co/qIEhhicKku
RT @WPJohnWagner: Bernie Sanders will propose nixing marijuana from federal list of dangerous drugs, freeing states to legalize it https://…
If the Ex-Im Bank cannot be reformed to become a vehicle for real job creation in the US, it should be eliminated. https://t.co/Rf4bkfgFDq
In my view, a two-year budget deal gives us time to focus on the most important issues confronting our nation. https://t.co/qUjNCiN0yT
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Budget Deal: https://t.co/VcVu6B3AGl
Democrats win when people come out. Republicans win when their big money buys low voter turnout elections.
Today’s News: Sanders votes against cybersecurity bill, leads fight to stop skyrocketing drug prices. https://t.co/j06B03wGBw
We've got to stand with unions and tell corporate America and the billionaires in this country they cannot have it all.
Republicans win when voter turnout is low. When people become demoralized. When they don't think their vote matters.
Must read: Greenland Is Melting Away -@nytimes https://t.co/tNpMh1BYiO
Our civil liberties and right to privacy shouldn’t be the price we pay for security.
It is totally unacceptable that Americans are drowning in $1.3 trillion in student loan debt. https://t.co/iHEiT29ui4
The American people are angry because they know this recession was not caused by the middle class and working families of this country.
Congratulations to @SenatorLeahy not only on 15,000 votes but on your many years of service to the people of Vermont
https://t.co/8cDdqpbAKV
RT @SenatorLeahy: Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont casts his 15,000th vote in the United States Senate...
The U.S. government must defend our most valuable and personal information without violating our privacy.
People have a right to make a telephone call without that information being collected by the government.
Today’s News: Sanders joins @TheView, marches with workers, announces transportation grant for VT. https://t.co/bMLSGywm4R
Parents should have the right to stay home with their newborn baby for at least 3 months with paid family leave.
https://t.co/K3riSILyXr
RT @CharlieRoseShow: A chance meeting outside the @charlierose studio! Tune in to @PBS tonight to see @SenSanders for the full hour. https:…
Tragically, in America today we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth.
RT @MaddowBlog: Bernie Sanders, in-studio with Rachel tonight! https://t.co/UU436r2W2A
This country belongs to all of us, not just wealthy campaign donors.
RT @bfouhy: Tonight, @maddow hosts Bernie Sanders. Tune in at 9pm ET
$7.25 is a starvation wage, which must be raised. The minimum wage must become a living wage.
A college degree today is the equivalent of a high school degree 50 years ago. We need tuition-free public colleges.
https://t.co/WDaQPcZvG3
Watch Bernie on @TheView. Today at 11 AM ET
RT @sierraclub: How Exxon went from leader to skeptic on climate change research: https://t.co/qRpKqIDwEu (via @latimes) #ExxonKnew
I worry very much that our country, both economically and politically, is sliding into oligarchy.
Today’s News: Sanders asks the Department of Justice to investigate Exxon Mobil: https://t.co/Hzm26iurdY
The Defense of Marriage Act was simply homophobic legislation. https://t.co/CtTIgnsvGd
"We need to commit to 16 years of free public education for all of our children." -@VP https://t.co/kp9ChKAem9
It makes no sense that you can get an auto loan with an interest rate of 2.5% but millions of college graduates are forced to pay 7% or more
The future of America is with our children. How can we have a great country if we aren’t educating our children the way we should?
Watch Sen. Sanders on CNN's @CNNSotu, today at 9 AM &amp; 12 PM ET
Must Read: Climate Change Could Wreck the Global Economy -@JustinWorland https://t.co/dXPjoxdEI3
A mom and a dad should have the right to at least a couple of weeks of paid vacation so they can spend quality time with their kids.
The American people understand that our current economic system is rigged, and that our campaign finance system is corrupt.
Watch Sen. Sanders on CNN's @CNNSotu, tomorrow at 9AM &amp; 12PM ET
RT @HuffingtonPost: Bernie Sanders wants to bring back your 40-hour workweek https://t.co/19jjBXwJVS https://t.co/BzJF6JDaj2
We must not cut programs that the elderly, children, sick, poor and working families desperately depend upon. https://t.co/xKufG6HKun
America stands ready to provide everything the people of Mexico need as they endure the strongest hurricane in recorded history. -B
As a nation, we are going to have to answer whether it's morally &amp; economically acceptable that so few have so much &amp; so many have so little
When millions of seniors are trying to survive on incomes of $12,000 a year, we must resist Republican efforts to cut Social Security.
"Wall Street should not believe that they can get blood from a stone." -Bernie
https://t.co/nnEyP0rY7d
You simply cannot get blood from a stone. #PuertoRicoDebt https://t.co/FPK9o1yN6f
A college degree is the new high school diploma. An education should be available to all regardless of anyone’s station.
Today's News: Sanders slams vulture funds ripping off Puerto Rico, calls for bold action to rebuild our middle class https://t.co/zkW9nWFCcG
Puerto Ricans should not be forced to suffer so that a handful of wealthy investors can make even more money. https://t.co/PInOdciz5i
In 2002 I heard everything Dick Cheney and others said about the case for going to war in Iraq. I didn't accept it.
https://t.co/QCv5fkZITl
Must Read: The Life and Death of an Amazon Warehouse Temp -@jamieson https://t.co/AGUJbv9Mp3
It's time to build on the progressive movement of the past and make public colleges and universities tuition-free. https://t.co/44E8zoIiaV
NEWS: Sanders Slams Vulture Funds Ripping Off Puerto Rico. https://t.co/1s5BKOM5Zw
RT @nprcinc: @SenSanders ask the right question - "i have not heard anything about renewable energy" Puerto Rico must become a global leade…
Our civil liberties and right to privacy shouldn’t be the price we pay for security. #CISA
Glad the @FCC acted. It is outrageous that a fifteen-minute phone call could cost upwards
of twelve dollars. 
https://t.co/d0KMo9Hj3y
RT @gallennpr: Sen. Bernie Sanders on Puerto Rico debt: "Wall Street can't get blood from a stone!" More tonight on @npratc
Bernie explains why he wants to make public college tuition-free. Watch: https://t.co/oDGnaptw0z
RT @RollingStone: Bernie Sanders tells Jimmy Kimmel why "we need to end the war on drugs" https://t.co/aqs4t4dwjv
Sen. Sanders: DOJ Should Investigate Exxon Mobil for misleading public about climate change #ExxonKnew https://t.co/XrjuqeI1d0
We need to end minimum sentencing. Too many lives have been destroyed for non-violent crimes.
Today’s News: Sanders pens op-ed on college affordability in @washingtonpost, calls for  investigation of Exxon: https://t.co/QDai6GTXkg
RT @washingtonpost: Bernie Sanders: America needs free college now https://t.co/zXHlBfexZC https://t.co/BoWmBwhVbS
Let’s be clear: Defaulting on our debt would be a disaster. https://t.co/wxnHkjuGYI
Don't miss Bernie on ABC's @JimmyKimmelLive. Tonight 11:35|10:35c #KimmelinBrooklyn
Watch Sen. Sanders discuss his call for an investigation into Exxon Mobil's climate change denial on MSNBC's @allinwithchris. Tonight 8-9 PM
NEWS: Sanders Sends Letter to Treasury on Puerto Rico. https://t.co/UIcOCGTGcU
You do not balance the budget on the backs of the most vulnerable people and ask nothing from the wealthy and profitable corporations.
Sanders: Pay our bills and invest in the middle class https://t.co/tN0EjDiCDY
We need a progressive income tax so that billionaires don't end up paying an effective tax rate lower than nurses. https://t.co/tGANserTo9
NEWS: Sanders Calls for Action on Debt Ceiling, End to Budget Sequestration: https://t.co/cI0vWzqoyH
Want to intern for Sen. Bernie Sanders? Apply now: https://t.co/hSOxgQsHyo
Republicans talk about "family values" but the US is the only major country that doesn't guarantee paid family leave https://t.co/a169p4NFnu
Exxon Mobil knew the truth about fossil fuels and climate change and lied to protect their business model at the expense of the planet.
Today's News: Sanders asks DOJ to investigate Exxon Mobil for misleading the public about climate change https://t.co/KbdgKC9vCK
RT @ProPublica: Following a @ProPublica + @NPR investigation, lawmakers incl. @SenSanders call for a plan to protect injured workers https:…
RT @lbarronlopez: Bernie Sanders wants DOJ to investigate "potential fraud" by Exxon over climate research https://t.co/gm7UXqFNs6 via @Huf…
There has been mass redistribution of wealth from the middle class to the top one-tenth of 1%. https://t.co/0FCuzDYqX4
RT @TheAtlantic: Bernie Sanders's highly sensible plan to turn post offices into banks https://t.co/XwIZK8qhej https://t.co/gk6lE7DWCh
NEWS: Sanders Calls for Probe into Exxon Mobil Claims on Climate Change https://t.co/Dc2nNj6N4s https://t.co/N6H6XUYcwO
We've seen a rapid movement toward oligarchy, toward a government owned and controlled by a handful of extremely wealthy families.
It's a national disgrace that so many qualified young Americans do not go to college because they cannot afford it. https://t.co/DVMmTBQw6B
Democratic Socialism means democracy. It means creating a government that represents all of us, not just the wealthiest people in America.
Today’s News: Sanders leads push against pharmaceutical companies raising prices for life-saving drugs. https://t.co/Jw5PgOMFg5
We have a moral responsibility to lead the world and transform our energy system away from fossil fuels.
What you have is an economy that is rigged. Heads Wall Street wins and tails the average Americans are losers.
One of the biggest mistakes our government made after the financial crisis was not prosecuting the people responsible.
As a result of disastrous trade deals, more than 60,000 American factories have been shuttered since 2000.
China – not exactly seen as a model when it comes to human rights – provides 14 weeks of paid maternity leave. The US provides zero.
Today’s News: Sen. Sanders joins @ThisWeekABC, pushes for expanding #SocialSecurity. http://t.co/9HKoNzxiyG
Anyone 18 years of age or older should be automatically registered to vote. http://t.co/NLuDSMdKBG
More than half of workers between the ages of 55 and 64 have no retirement savings at all. We must ensure everyone can retire with dignity.
If we could bail out Wall Street, we can make sure that every American can go to college without going into debt.
We should not be the only major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all of its people as a right of citizenship.
"Masses of people find themselves excluded and marginalized." -@pontifex http://t.co/S2K9tEDDwv
The only way we really transform America is through a political revolution. http://t.co/zLPSCMyuPy
29 million Americans still have no health insurance. A Medicare for all system would guarantee health care as a right.
RT @nytimes: What could raising taxes on the 1% do? Surprising amounts. http://t.co/T8xddNzhjL
We need comprehensive immigration reform &amp; a path towards citizenship to take 11 million undocumented people in America out of the shadows.
Watch Sen. Sanders on ABC's @ThisWeekABC, Sunday morning. Check your local listings: http://t.co/6rViW33R2N http://t.co/8Ryx0VDv8w
RT @AIDSHealthcare: AHF Backs @SenSanders Call on US &amp; @WTO to Back Waiver of Drug Patents in Poor Countries http://t.co/GQN06aCONi http://…
RT @RealTimers: "The function of health care should be to provide quality care for all people, not to provide huge profits." - @SenSanders …
I want young people to be able to run for office and not have to beg for money from rich people and corporations. http://t.co/42q5lJDY6A
100 years ago we said every kid should be able to get a high school education for free. The same is true of a college education today.
RT @gerrymullany: Bernie Sanders's plan to reform Social Security called 'quite mainstream' by bipartisan expert: http://t.co/dMeENXzUHS
Congress does not regulate Wall Street, Wall Street regulates Congress. We have to break up the big banks.
Must Read: The American middle class is worse off compared to others around the world -@Wonkblog: http://t.co/KTxP7FEjow
Today’s News: Sanders joins @TheEllenShow, calls for expansion of Social Security. http://t.co/03Xa51Cimi
How many billions will be used to elect candidates who only represent the rich and the super rich?
The decision to end a pregnancy should be made in consultation with a doctor without interference or judgment from politicians.
Must Read:  Why Is the CBO Concocting a Phony Debt Crisis? -@AriRabinHavt: http://t.co/fZutA3llXI http://t.co/lOkvrJZ5Gg
RT @civilrightsorg: We imagine this would be @SenSanders' reaction if Republicans helped #RestoreTheVRA, a historically bipartisan law. htt…
RT @RealTimers: Who's ready to #FeelTheBern? @SenSanders returns to #RealTime with @BillMaher Friday @ 10pm! #RealTalk #TBT http://t.co/Vly…
Our job must be to expand, not cut, Social Security. http://t.co/PomSsa0YQX
RT @splcenter: The VRA is critical to help expand voting access in states that need it the most. #RestoreTheVRA http://t.co/ajt4KmKxJD
If we believe in a vibrant democracy, we want to have the highest voter turnout in the world #RestoreTheVRA
We should be doing everything possible to make it easier for people to participate in the political process #RestoreTheVRA
Out of 185 countries, the U.S. is one of only two that does not grant paid maternity leave. Papua New Guinea is the other.
Today’s News: Sen. Sanders to join @TheEllenShow today to talk income inequality. http://t.co/uKbn7Jzgyy
I want Wall Street to help kids in this country attend public colleges and universities tuition-free with a Wall Street speculation tax.
If we do not address the global crisis of climate change, the planet we'll leave our kids may well not be habitable. That is a major crisis.
I do not consider myself part of the casino-capitalist process by which so few have so much and so many have so little.
Today’s News: NY’s AG begins inquiry into whether Turing Pharmaceuticals restricted access to life-saving medicine. http://t.co/11UBHWalW9
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30,000 each. That’s unsustainable and unforgivable.
I don’t believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty.
If you're serious about climate change, you cannot encourage the excavation and transportation of very dirty oil.
Must Read: Just 158 families have provided nearly half the money for efforts to capture the White House -@nytimes http://t.co/TobHuegyDF
Wall Street cannot be an island unto itself and we need to break up those largest banks to put the focus back on working class Americans.
FDR: "Let us never forget that government is ourselves and not an alien power over us." http://t.co/LNP8sj7riO
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved already.
When you organize at the grassroots level, whether it's gay rights or raising the minimum wage  that's when change takes place.
We must work with China, Russia and India to transition away from fossil fuels to sustainable energy
https://t.co/cOBEnBjAys
We are tired and we are embarrassed seeing children in elementary schools slaughtered and young people on college campuses shot.
We need a revolution in mental health delivery in this country so people can get the help they need when they need it. #WorldMentalHealthDay
Just 6 huge financial institutions have assets of nearly $10 trillion, equal to nearly 60% of GDP. http://t.co/h99d3eFEGv
Today, JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo are 80% larger today than they were a year before the taxpayers bailed them out.
Must Read: Demolishing The 7 Myths Propping Up Fossil Fuels - @HuffingtonPost http://t.co/icMWmgk0Ux
If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, he would say break 'em up. And he would be right. http://t.co/zrL9s3EbuB
The Week in Review: Sanders introduces a bill to make it easier to join a union, slams Turing Pharmaceuticals: http://t.co/oa00GQp6Kb
Martin Shkreli is holding hostage the patients who rely on this lifesaving medication by charging unconscionable prices just because he can.
The greed of the pharmaceutical industry is a public health hazard to the American people.
RT @ThisIsFusion: Watch Bernie Sanders ether a GOP congressman for referring to ‘homos in the military’ in 1… http://t.co/VwPDwDxFte http:/…
NEWS: Sanders and Cummings Denounce Continued Prescription Drug Price Gouging http://t.co/x27L11jxB4
How can we talk about morality when we turn our backs on the children of our country?
We need a movement which will work with the trade union movement to end our disastrous trade policies and defeat the disastrous TPP.
Today’s News: Sanders opposes nominee to lead Food and Drug Administration, joins colleagues to #StopGunViolence. http://t.co/F4A6AIfx6i
NEWS: Citing FDA Nominee’s Ties to Rx Industry, Sanders to Oppose New Commissioner http://t.co/PKPc0zZ4x4 http://t.co/C9WYAOpLOq
Deregulating Wall Street will lead to further concentration of economic power in our country. #TBT to 1999: https://t.co/FqO0YtCTKL
It's unconscionable that Latinas earn 56 cents on the dollar compared to white men. #LatinaEqualPayDay http://t.co/WiAdLCODzj
It is obscene that people are getting arrested at near record rates for smoking marijuana, but not one Wall Street CEO has been prosecuted.
RT @Teamsters: How Bernie Sanders’ New Bill Would Help More Workers Unionize http://t.co/uNSMC2fbWD via @thinkprogress #1u #Teamsters #unio…
I am appalled by gun violence in our country and the mass shootings in our churches and colleges. #StopGunViolence http://t.co/1ANjqOmWjB
Must Read: The Trans-Pacific Partnership Is a Bad Deal for American Workers -@RichardTrumka http://t.co/2EUct7RpdN http://t.co/LE23tTK1TU
We can create 13 million jobs by investing $1 trillion in rebuilding our infrastructure over the next five years. http://t.co/rGR9VaMG6c
It is not acceptable that Latinos make up more than 16% of our population but have only 2.2% of the nation’s wealth.
We can no longer tolerate a criminal justice system that treats Wall Street executives as too big to jail. http://t.co/HLyGlUtqLq
RT @JesseRodriguez: Tomorrow on @Morning_Joe: Sen Bernie Sanders http://t.co/KRy1LShOMC
It is our moral responsibility to leave this planet in a way that is habitable and healthy for our children and our grandchildren.
When unions grow, the middle class grows. And when the middle class grows, America does well.
Today’s News: Sanders introduces Workplace Democracy Act to make it easier for workers to join unions. http://t.co/wcR8Y4pXH6
Our job is to make it easier for workers to join unions not harder. http://t.co/jL4LALcZXJ
RT @AFLCIO: Sen. Sanders and Rep. Pocan Continue Washington-Led Fight for Workers' Rights http://t.co/xh0l4ECVi6
NEWS: Sanders, Pocan Introduce Legislation to Strengthen Workers’ Rights http://t.co/LB7HPTdh47 http://t.co/adiTNpF00n
RT @GoodJobsNation: Thank you for supporting workers, @SenSanders @repmarkpocan @DonNorcross4NJ! #StartTheConvo #fightfor15 #workervoice #f…
RT @DonaldNorcross: Together w/ @SenSanders @repmarkpocan we can strengthen #workers #rights
http://t.co/fuDAR9NrlX http://t.co/yu6TTOrXPC
RT @NicholsUprising: Workplace Democracy Act introduced by @SenSanders &amp; @repmarkpocan. Renews right to organize &amp; collectively bargain. ht…
Proud to join @GoodJobsNation @CWAUnion @NationalNurses @repmarkpocan to ensure workers can form a union. http://t.co/rjuT7k4kSK
If we are serious about reducing income &amp; wealth inequality, we have got to substantially increase the number of union jobs in this country.
The Workplace Democracy Act will make it easier for workers to join unions and bargain for higher wages. http://t.co/74whSkKaHx
RT @repmarkpocan: "When unions grow, the middle class grows and when the middle class grows, America grows." ~@SenSanders http://t.co/wx7Mc…
RT @CWAUnion: "If workers want to exercise their right to join a union, they must be allowed to do so." - @SenSanders #1u http://t.co/ptl1Q…
RT @repmarkpocan: Introducing the Workplace Democracy Act w/ @SenSanders to make it easier for workers to form a union. http://t.co/i2dC1yk…
If workers in this country want to exercise their constitutional right to join a union, they must be allowed to do that.
The TPP is a continuation of disastrous trade policies. Enough is enough. We need new approaches that create jobs in America not China.
It is an outrage that not one major Wall Street executive has gone to jail for causing the near collapse of the economy.
Today’s News: Sanders opposes Trans-Pacific Partnership, profiled in @NewYorker. http://t.co/lz9RrlM4Vw
#TPP follows failed trade deals with Mexico &amp; China that have cost millions of jobs &amp; closed tens of thousands of factories across the US.
Our job cannot be to cut Social Security. Our job must be to expand it so that every American can retire with dignity and respect.
RT @TheAtlanticPOL: A profile of Bernie Sanders written in the 1980s, as he got his start in politics http://t.co/l56Ska6pvF http://t.co/oR…
Guns should not be in the hands of people who shouldn't have them and that means we need a very strong instant background check system.
Wall Street and other big corporations have won again. In the Senate, I will do all that I can to defeat the #TPP agreement.
I am disappointed but not surprised by the decision to move forward on the disastrous TPP that will hurt consumers and cost American jobs.
We need trade policies that promote the interests of American workers not just the CEOs of corporations #StopTPP http://t.co/8ipSCK6hKY
Today’s News: Sanders opposes unilateral American no-fly zone in Syria: http://t.co/cN5uZWVsev
Are we prepared to take on the power of the billionaire class or will we continue to slide into economic and political oligarchy?
Today it’s Wall Street’s turn to bail out the middle class.
Our job is to demilitarize police departments http://t.co/sEzkZXwrXP
We, the people of this continent, are not fearful of foreigners, because most of us were once foreigners. -@Pontifex http://t.co/D9OE9ZaGRG
Today, Social Security is more important than ever. Over half of workers between the ages of 55-64 have no retirement savings.
I am far, far from a perfect human being but I am motivated by a vision which exists in all of the great religions http://t.co/cRj5XUwwHa
Over the last 40 years, the great middle class of America, once the envy of the entire world, has been disappearing. http://t.co/wxjU8O8BPA
The Week in Review: Sanders slams pharmaceuticals companies for price gouging, calls for sensible gun control http://t.co/Ys1Y7Dz47s
Making sure people in poor countries have access to life-saving medicine is our moral responsibility.
It makes no sense to me that the United States of America has more jails and prisons than colleges and universities.
Must Read: Why the Washington Post's Attack on Bernie Sanders Is Bunk -@RBReich http://t.co/QWySQqFWOX
We must act aggressively to pass sensible gun-control and put an end to this awful epidemic of senseless slaughter. https://t.co/KGqKc1pjDw
The debate is over. Climate change is real. It is caused by human activity. It is already causing devastating problems around the world.
Today’s News: Sanders calls for sensible gun safety laws after shooting in Oregon: http://t.co/ZBYi0jvW7s
The shouting at each other must end. The hard work of developing good policy must begin.
We need sensible gun-control legislation which prevents guns from being used by people who should not have them.
As a nation, we must do everything we can to put an end to this awful epidemic of senseless slaughter.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Oregon Shootings: http://t.co/WqvOLSKdj3 http://t.co/8PCDoqL776
Another senseless tragedy with more innocent people killed. Our hearts go out to the families. -B
In my view, there is no justice when the 15 wealthiest people in America in the last 2 years, saw their wealth increase by $170 billion.
RT @OnPointRadio: ‘Don’t tell some poor bright kid that he or she can’t be a doctor or an engineer because they don’t have enough money.’ @…
RT @OnPointRadio: ‘Count me as a radical — I want to invest in jobs and education for young people rather than jails.’ @SenSanders http://t…
RT @WBUR: TUNE IN: @SenSanders joins @OnPointRadio LIVE: http://t.co/G8Kmey8y3v

Livestream: http://t.co/eDOoZBOOWy
Coming up: Sen. Sanders will join @WBUR’s @OnPointRadio at 10am EST. Listen live: http://t.co/bwCe2DTdGv
The pharmaceutical industry spent over $250 million last year on campaign contributions and lobbying. http://t.co/TuAJLOQlYz
Today’s News: Sanders leads battle against bad Pacific trade deal, investigates high prescription drug prices: http://t.co/TgXqMjxeko
RT @FacesOfAO: We thank you! @SenSanders for Co-sponsoring S.901, the #ToxicExposure Research Act of 2015! #AgentOrange
When you organize at the grassroots level, that's when change takes place http://t.co/KmrGOiHDNr
1 in 4 black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. This is a tragedy and we can no longer ignore it.
When one family spends more money than either of the two major political parties you are looking at oligarchy. http://t.co/p2R432BUTw
We need your help to tell Congress to stop worrying about the fossil fuel contributors to their campaigns. http://t.co/K1I4D2RaNI
Today's News: Sanders urges Obama administration to give poor countries access to affordable drugs http://t.co/traGQbxXZt
We cannot let drug companies continue to rip-off Americans who are
suffering. Watch Sen. Sanders' speech: http://t.co/i81QmifFJA
Pharmaceutical companies are charging Americans by
far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. https://t.co/QJJ61jKZmE
NEWS: Sanders Condemns Price Gouging by Drug Companies. http://t.co/u3DFS5CEPE
In the United States of America, you should not be forced into bankruptcy for being diagnosed with cancer.
It makes no sense to me that the same exact drug can be sold in Britain for 66 cents a pill, while in the U.S. it is sold for $750.
The U.S. is the only major country on earth that doesn't regulate prescription drug prices and the results have been a disaster.
It is no secret that the pharmaceutical industry has become a major health hazard to the American people.
Coming up Sen. Sanders will speak on the Senate floor about skyrocketing prescription drug prices. Watch: http://t.co/sTRs8RzTm2
It is an obscenity that we stigmatize so many young Americans with a criminal record for smoking marijuana. http://t.co/0RdXMez7ec
Must Read: Every minute someone gets arrested for marijuana possession in the U.S. @_cingraham http://t.co/EDLYQdNcsy http://t.co/NyzrQnNS1Q
Defunding Planned Parenthood would punish the 2.7 million Americans who rely on its clinics for health care #PinkOut http://t.co/NJVwr3YeJX
Today’s News: Sen. Sanders returns to the University of Chicago. http://t.co/lSFbL5qrbT
The attempt by Republicans to cut off support for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women’s health. #PinkOut http://t.co/zkkx5M9zhk
When millions of Americans lack health insurance Planned Parenthood clinics provide the care too many women cannot access elsewhere.
We know shutting the government down will disrupt the economy and cost us jobs. I hope my Republican colleagues come to their senses.
Republicans are once again taking us to the edge of a government shutdown, demanding we take away health care from the American people.
We must rein in the National Security Agency and end the bulk collection of phone records of virtually all Americans.
NEWS: Sanders sends letter to U.S. trade chief on affordable medicine in developing countries. http://t.co/g5IceckWC1
We are living at a time where a handful of people have wealth beyond comprehension... http://t.co/47Yxf9QNtu
We need to end the tragic reality that the United States has more people in jail than any other country on earth.
Today’s News: Sanders joined @FaceTheNation Sunday to talk about college affordability and money in politics: http://t.co/FsCKJS4sDj
Super PACs are playing a very destructive role in our political system. American democracy is not about billionaires buying elections.
Must Read: The True Cost of an Expensive Medication -@olgakhazan http://t.co/8ZXsuAEvs1
We need to get the government out of the business of profiteering off working class student debt.
RT @FaceTheNation: @SenSanders says that he fights for moral issues, no different from the values at Liberty University  http://t.co/zvvFZE…
You can't make the changes that have to be made in this country unless you are prepared to take on Wall Street. http://t.co/PHzQZBkCB2
Pope Francis in his address to Congress: http://t.co/Od3N4UOYXj
This morning watch Sen. Sanders on CBS @FaceTheNation. Check local listings: http://t.co/Rr8EFPRLgY http://t.co/2EnS8EqzcQ
Only 18% of families headed by single moms have economic security. That is unacceptable.
You can go into a drug store &amp; find the price for a drug has double or tripled over night &amp; we can't do anything about it. That must change.
We should use our buying power to get better deals on medication for the American people. http://t.co/hzjMYnFbaj
At a time when our planet is warming due to climate change, the last thing our environment needs is more drilling. http://t.co/EpyjzAB62c
Watch Sen. Sanders on CBS @FaceTheNation tomorrow. Check your local listings: http://t.co/4P0g1tPxFT http://t.co/uwDPThbaed
Social Security is the most successful government program in our history. Before it was law, nearly half of seniors lived in poverty.
Sen. Sanders applauds Pope Francis's remarks http://t.co/bk8QfVI45j
The Week in Review: Sanders marches with workers, applauds Pope Francis, votes to stop Republican attack on women. http://t.co/BFTLhNSW9h
NEWS: Sanders, Whitehouse and Democrats Send Letter to President on Arctic Drilling. http://t.co/7MBTnCCIyT
Skyrocketing prescription drug prices are an example of the web of bureaucracy in the American health care system. http://t.co/wfkedX0ldk
The Republican Party's ideology is way out of touch with the American people. Without Boehner, it may get even worse.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Speaker Boehner’s Resignation http://t.co/QQJnyzds3V http://t.co/I4AlV69wlB
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on with @Thom_Hartmann. Watch here: http://t.co/alqqtr96NX
Feminism means a commitment to fighting for women’s rights. http://t.co/kzIYXINCTf
Today's News: Sanders applauds @Pontifex's address. http://t.co/TYZXOXIzNK #PopeinUS
Shutting the government down will disrupt the economy and cost us jobs. I hope my colleagues come to their senses. http://t.co/HSoUIa3et4
NEWS: Sanders, Brown and Senate Democrats Introduce Bill to Stop Cadillac Tax. http://t.co/5FyELM0Vl1
Republicans are again taking us to the edge of a shutdown demanding we take away health care from Americans. http://t.co/lN5eMvvfMt
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Shutdown Threat. http://t.co/HBVxtt0qOT
In citing Dorothy Day, the pope gave us a wonderful example of the never-ending struggle for justice in our country and the world.
He forces us to address some of the major issues facing humanity such as war, income and wealth inequality, poverty, unemployment and greed.
Pope Francis is clearly one of the important religious and moral leaders not only in the world today but in modern history.
NEWS: Sanders Applauds Pope’s Remarks http://t.co/X0L84fovtw
Coming up at 12:30 PM ET: Sen. Sanders is on MSNBC with @mitchellreports
Coming up: Sen. Sanders will discuss Pope Francis' address to Congress on CNN
Watch Pope Francis address Congress: http://t.co/3MHImOqn4T
I would hope that some of my colleagues would examine the very profound lessons that Pope Francis is teaching people all over this world.
10 Times Bernie Sanders and Pope Francis Sounded Alike: http://t.co/0YBG06Oktm http://t.co/T2ytFewTIA
Today's News: Sen. Sanders welcomes Pope Francis to U.S. #PopeInDC  http://t.co/TsqlHYHDle
Pope Francis is saying that trickle-down economics does not work http://t.co/jCDeLUFfzj
Pope Francis has forcefully reminded us that greed, and the worship of money, is not what human existence should be about.
Watch: Pope Francis has issued us a challenge that we must embrace https://t.co/cXUHm2b2aM
RT @HuffingtonPost: Bernie Sanders really likes what Pope Francis is all about http://t.co/qYOOrnrg2O http://t.co/Y9UgSUouWQ
Pope Francis has issued us a call that we should embrace. #PopeInDC http://t.co/xKpktFVLQw
The pope is saying that money, the accumulation of money and the worship of money is not what life should be about.
Pope Francis is calling for a social and economic system that lives in harmony with nature, not one that destroys the planet. #PopeInDC
The time has come for Congress to end this injustice by raising the minimum wage to a living wage. #Fightfor15
Today's News: Sanders marches with workers, welcomes Pope Francis to DC, fights for lower prescription drugs. http://t.co/LSL2CPAGsF
Sen. Sanders is live on @CNN's @NewDay now talking about Pope Francis.
Sen. Sanders calls on Congress to act on Pope Francis's message. #PopeInDC Watch: https://t.co/yAoSZC66wX
Today, Americans pay, by far, the highest prices for prescription drugs anywhere in the world. Sen. Sanders proposal: http://t.co/jOzGwQOR1M
Sen. Sanders will join @MSNBC’s @allinwithchris tonight to talk about #PopeInDC and skyrocketing drug prices. Tune it at 8pmEST.
Sen. Sanders joins striking Capitol workers welcoming Pope Francis, calls for $15 minimum wage and a union. Watch: http://t.co/1cxeMEFUxr
NEWS: Sanders Welcomes Pope Francis to U.S. http://t.co/admlMvWupX #PopeInDC
Money does rule, and that is why, in my view, we have got to overturn Citizens United and move to public funding of elections.
RT @bridgetbhc: As the pope arrives, Sen. Sanders is on the Senate floor speaking about Pope Francis bringing attention to economic inequal…
Coming up: Sen. Sanders will speak on the Senate floor about Pope Francis #PopeInDC
RT @nytimes: Bernie Sanders is using the pope's visit to Washington to amplify his call for a wage increase for federal workers http://t.co…
Republicans should stop politicizing the right of women in this country to control their own bodies.
RT @ryanbeckwith: Bernie Sanders joins striking Capitol workers ahead of Pope Francis' visit http://t.co/bJx5BaIn9j @Sam_Frizell http://t.c…
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Sequestration. http://t.co/u0lcBNmAG4
NEWS: Sanders statement after voting to block legislation that would have prohibited certain abortions http://t.co/ky7a4fJLV6
On National Voter Registration Day we should be doing everything possible to make it easier for people to vote. http://t.co/HWjls9sQzm
RT @Reagan_Airport: Veterans aboard the first all female Honor Flight arrive to a hero's welcome @Reagan_Airport http://t.co/qLkASHoxvW
There is no justice when the largest low-wage employer is not McDonalds or Walmart but the US government http://t.co/naHMer6OHy
NEWS: Sanders Joins Striking Capitol Workers. http://t.co/L5wCPpzAPX #WalkwithFrancis #FightFor15
RT @BenjaminBell: 10 Times Bernie Sanders and Pope Francis Sounded Alike http://t.co/Al5YliCy6r via @maryaliceparks
RT @RobertsDan: Bernie Sanders welcomes Pope at strike for low paid federal workers calls on Congress to heed call for social justice http:…
Enough is enough. We want justice. We want fair pay. We want a union. @GoodJobsNation
There is no justice when people working in the US including in the Senate do not earn enough to take care of their families #FightFor15
Today, as we welcome Pope Francis to the US, I hope that Congress will heed his call for social and economic justice. #PopeInDC
RT @politico: Bernie Sanders to join striking workers for pope visit http://t.co/4ymgi1g23v | Getty http://t.co/rPScp9Ld5A
Must Read: 1 in 4 college women report unwanted sexual contact -@jcarrsmyth http://t.co/iwrJ8k86DQ
Today's News: Sanders calls on Turing Pharmaceuticals to justify a $700-plus spike in price for a 62-year old drug http://t.co/5nBMDK6lvr
The enormous overnight price increase for Daraprim is just the latest in a long list of skyrocketing price increases https://t.co/C0rxmvXmyj
We have got to make sure that everyone in this country can afford the prescription drugs that they need to live healthy lives.
RT @sangerkatz: .@SenSanders and @RepCummings have some questions about the big Daraprim price increase. http://t.co/FypdQzZUXE
The time has come for Congress to stand up to the greed of the pharmaceutical companies. http://t.co/2gNPJ4ovWX
News: Sanders and Cummings Investigate “Overnight” Price Increase of Life-Saving Drug. http://t.co/ZCu5vk0tEF
Bernie on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert: http://t.co/YQ6kAz971Q
Must Read: Drug Goes From $13.50 a Tablet to $750, Overnight -@nytimes http://t.co/y91ItvybNy
Americans shouldn't live in fear they will go bankrupt if they get sick. Read Sanders' plan to lower drug prices: http://t.co/uKbalh47Zc
Today's News: Sanders leads the fight against skyrocketing prescription drug prices. http://t.co/TK3csCEKk6
Trickle down economics is a fraud. http://t.co/6eeraemV8F
If we strive toward morality and justice it is imperative that we have the courage to stand with the poor and working people of our country.
We have got to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create millions of decent-paying jobs in the process http://t.co/bhs3d6HILe
I believe we should raise the minimum wage to at least $15 an hour so people in this county are not living in poverty. #Fightfor15
"Let us say NO to an economy of exclusion and inequality" -@Pontifex http://t.co/NEWsmk5XNk
We can be a nation which joins other nations around the world in guaranteeing health care as a right.
There is no justice when all over this country people are working long hours for abysmally low wages. http://t.co/VqW81Ek7TX
When we talk about morality, what we are talking about is all of God's children have a right to go to a doctor when they are sick.
Republicans' family values are that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't be able to get married. http://t.co/kOOyDKkUSD
Today's News: Sen. Sanders brought his message of lifting the middle class to The Late Show with Stephen Colbert http://t.co/94teNdNJjW
I will fight for twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave.
We must end the private prison racket. http://t.co/fcxpCiS5OG
Tonight at 11:30 PM ET: Watch Sen. Sanders on CBS's @colbertlateshow http://t.co/Gwu6iWtCrO
The attempt by Republicans to cut off support for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women’s health. #StandWithPP
Republicans seem to have forgotten that when Bush left office 800,000 people were losing their jobs a month. http://t.co/cegmcusWv0
RT @Grassroots_News: 7 good things if we ban #privateprisons w/ #JusticeNot4Sale Act http://t.co/u6SDhF4Eyp @SenSanders @RepRaulGrijalva ht…
When we talk about morality and justice, we have to understand that there is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little.
Today's News: Sanders introduces bill to ban private prisons #JusticeIsNot4Sale http://t.co/EfSYMRrlcw
Sen. Sanders is live on @CBSNews This Morning now.
I want our country to have the distinction of having the best educated population on earth.
We must end the private for profit prison racket &amp; address the harder question of reducing the prison population: https://t.co/1hAgrhKMB0
Mass incarceration harms our society, pulls families apart. #JusticeNot4Sale Act will begin to turn that around. https://t.co/N35sk98MED
Must Read: What Incarceration Costs American Families -@AlanaSemuels #JusticeNot4Sale http://t.co/kWnukMCMnD http://t.co/5Ak0dOEx9P
NEWS: Sanders, House Leaders Introduce Bill to Ban Private Prisons: http://t.co/uiMGTLJz2i
Corporations should not be allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars #JusticeNot4Sale
RT @keithellison: Joining @SenSanders to call for the end of private prisons. #JusticeNot4Sale http://t.co/SlNNuy3yFp
It makes no sense to me that the United States of America has more jails and prisons than colleges and universities. #JusticeNot4Sale
Our goal must be to do everything we can to create the conditions that prevent mass incarceration. #JusticeNot4Sale http://t.co/WF1HuOEe0a
Happening Now: Watch Sen. Sanders on CNN with @ChrisCuomo
A society which proclaims human freedom as its goal, as the US does, must work unceasingly to end discrimination against all people.
There is no justice when the 15 wealthiest people in the last two years saw their wealth increase by $170 billion. http://t.co/3TRKoBMPs5
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Income and Poverty Report: http://t.co/fTO8kkIMyp
Our first responders raced into the disaster not away from it in order to save lives. #renew911health
There is no rational reason why women should be earning 78 cents on the dollar compared to men. That has got to change.
Must Read: The Gender Wage Gap Hasn’t Improved In Seven Years -@brycecovert: http://t.co/0OUWTUY9AV http://t.co/Ut7UeaDysN
All of our kids who have the ability and the desire must be able to get a college education regardless of income. http://t.co/P2HN338DUG
Today's News: Sanders joins #JourneyForJustice March. http://t.co/oAUJgxKEIT
What we need is a national health care system that puts people ahead of profits and health ahead of special interests.
Do you think it is moral that 20% of the children in this county are living in poverty? http://t.co/Z1Cd6AUa0L
Their story, my story, our story is a story of America. #HispanicHeritageMonth
RT @EleanorNorton: Welcoming #JourneyForJustice marchers to DC with @GKButterfield and @SenSanders #JusticeSummer http://t.co/6bOYYKFHUZ
We are living in a nation and in a world, which worships the acquisition of money and great wealth. http://t.co/aDRG4gHxDt
Sen. Sanders will join @MSNBC's @mitchellreports today at 12PM EST.
When you talk about children understand that the Republican budget threw 27 million people off of health care including many children.
Today's News: Sanders leads on lowering prescription drug prices. http://t.co/AkdgT8JzO6
Money and wealth should serve the people. The people should not have to serve money and wealth. http://t.co/o2iGbaFot4
Gov. Walker’s plan would lower wages &amp; the benefits that working people receive while making the wealthy &amp; large corporations even richer
Gov. Walker’s attack on the trade union movement would move us in exactly the wrong direction. https://t.co/9GxtzffZSt
It would, I think, be hard for anyone to make the case that the US is a just society or anything close it. http://t.co/Wx1YfATo5N
In my view justice and morality suffer when millions of children go to bed hungry. That is not what America should be about.
We need a movement which says that every worker in America deserves a living wage and that we will raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour.
Today’s News: Sanders says world must respond to refugee crisis http://t.co/2Y5gkyp4v4
If we truly believe in a vibrant democracy, then we must have the highest voter turnout in the world. http://t.co/dM4g2TWA3k
People are leaving Syria and Iraq with just the clothes on their backs. The world has got to respond. http://t.co/RLENiYi2m7
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed.
@Pontifex: The worship of the golden calf of old has found a new and heartless image in the cut of money... http://t.co/2l1jMRrima
Watch Sen. Sanders this morning on NBC's @meetthepress. Check your local listings: http://t.co/YXGNIN1kT2 http://t.co/8VQCLtIGI9
The American political system has been totally corrupted and the foundations of democracy are being undermined. http://t.co/gJken5RFcl
Through the first half of 2015, there is now enough solar installed in the United States to power more than 4.6 million homes.
It is not acceptable that many youth have criminal records for smoking marijuana, while the CEOs of banks do not http://t.co/LfO28knkTm
Must Read: What it’s like to live on $2 a day in the United States -@chicoharlan: http://t.co/aZ2QPp4VgQ
Sen. Sanders is on NBC's @meetthepress this Sunday. Check your local listings: http://t.co/Dt1Dnh67y5 http://t.co/Y1IJvmCVgD
We need to end the tragic reality that the United States has more people in jail than any other country on earth.
It's time to implement prescription drug policies that work for everybody, not just the CEOs of the pharmaceutical industry.
One of the biggest mistakes our government made after the financial crisis was not prosecuting the people responsible http://t.co/jLFLC3ZwgF
Remembering 9/11: "At A Brooklyn Cemetery, A Place Of Work — And An Enduring Memorial" -@NPR @StoryCorps: http://t.co/4GspsJFoK6
In the United States of America, you should not be forced into bankruptcy for being diagnosed with cancer. http://t.co/ghAnEwsfqk
RT @SenateSAA: We remember #September11. This morning at 8:46AM #Congress will observe a moment of silence to honor the lives lost. http://…
Watch Sen. Sanders on MSNBC with @chrislhayes at 8:15 PM ET
We cannot let the drug companies rip-off Americans who are suffering any longer. http://t.co/QHx1h2ODl5
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Iran Nuclear Deal Vote http://t.co/9bXetSZvVV http://t.co/zXWicilc3l
Our emphasis must be on rehabilitation, not incarceration and longer prison sentences. http://t.co/Ki5cNPA4yz
It is easy to go to war, it not so easy to comprehend the unintended consequences of that war. #IranDeal http://t.co/liR6AeihWF
"The greed of the pharmaceutical industry is killing Americans. It has got to stop." Watch Sen. Sanders speech: https://t.co/1Pa8H1PTE9
Coming up at 1PM ET: Watch Sen. Sanders on CNN with @wolfblitzer
NEWS: Sanders, Cummings Introduce Comprehensive Legislation to Lower Soaring Drug Prices http://t.co/vrZIIeBUNC
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will die because they cannot afford to take the life-saving medication they need.
A life-saving drug does no good if the American people cannot afford that drug. http://t.co/nA3NbLfC7s
RT @OversightDems: @SenSanders @RepCummings announced they are introducing legislation to lower drug prices http://t.co/oH4Eo2cU7D
You could have the best doctor in the world but it does not matter if you cannot afford the medication you are prescribed.
Watch now: Sen. Sanders addresses skyrocketing drug prices http://t.co/s7kl8CIbCl
RT @cspan: .@SenSanders &amp; @RepCummingson on Prescription Drug Prices – LIVE online here: http://t.co/5v5okH15sz http://t.co/mdHwlcIOpw
Coming up at 10 AM ET: Sen. Sanders and @RepCummings will announce legislation to rein in skyrocketing drug prices. Live on Periscope.
I fear that many of my Republican colleagues do not understand that war must be a last resort, not the first resort. http://t.co/VEn0nDUluM
Today's News: Sanders slams opponents of #IranDeal, introduces bill to lower prescription drug prices http://t.co/HNY78s6Wqr
RT @Loftus: Bernie Sanders to introduce bill targeting high drug prices  http://t.co/sgt6T5xjoY via @WSJ
Why Sen. Sanders supports the Iran Deal. Watch his speech: http://t.co/qHg2sEYmiR
Sen. Sanders: War Should Be the Last Option: Why I Support the Iran Nuclear Deal http://t.co/XFnstCgHA4
I think it is incumbent upon us to give the negotiated agreement with Iran a chance to succeed.
Does the Iran agreement achieve everything I would like?  Of course not.  But to my mind, it is far better than the path we were on.
I believe we have an obligation to pursue diplomatic solutions before resorting to military engagement. #IranDeal
I voted against the war in Iraq.  Sadly, much of what I feared in fact did happen. I do not want to see it happen again. #IranDeal
Those who have have spoken out against the Iran agreement are the same people who spoke out forcefully on the need to go to war with Iraq.
Happening Now: Sen. Sanders speaks on the Senate Floor about the #IranDeal. Watch here: http://t.co/YhdYMKf3PQ
Sen. Sanders will speak about why he supports the Iran deal at 4:30 PM ET. See a preview here: http://t.co/UTbdHAv8fT
Coming up at 4:30 PM ET: Sen. Sanders will speak on the Senate floor about the nuclear agreement with Iran: http://t.co/yyT3aJPkPM
We've got to end the embarrassment of being the only major country on earth that does not guarantee paid leave http://t.co/TD0Aj6L4Fv
The attempt by Republicans to cut off funding for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women's health. #StandWithPP http://t.co/YnT5MNOY4b
We need to end the disgraceful practice of corporations profiting from the incarceration of Americans. http://t.co/avETOIUJHj
Today's News: Sen. Sanders will introduce bills to reform private prisons and to lower prescription drug prices http://t.co/wtHJoXozS6
We need to end the tragic reality that the United States has more people in jail than any other country on earth.
How have skyrocketing prescription drug prices affected you? Tell Bernie: http://t.co/kXHkotgEZW http://t.co/3x5Q7gSNys
I believe we should raise the minimum wage to at least 15 bucks an hour so people in this county are not living in poverty.
Must Read: Cities Could Save $17 Trillion Just By Reducing Their Greenhouse Gas Emissions -@climateprogress http://t.co/dJuz3T1Q3w
We have got to make sure that everyone in this country can afford the prescription drugs that they need. http://t.co/LpCCODweWJ
We need a tax system which reduces the obscene degree of wealth inequality in America. http://t.co/DeQmN73K2y
Today's News: Sen. Sanders celebrates Labor Day by thanking workers and highlighting growing income inequality http://t.co/SMzPO5dvIm
If you've ever enjoyed a paid vacation, a sick day or a pension the men and women of the labor movement are the people to thank. #LaborDay
We need a massive jobs program to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure &amp; create millions of decent paying jobs. http://t.co/k7hKYPVdlu
The president's executive order is the right thing to do. Congress now has to extend paid sick leave to all workers. https://t.co/QcaUFf9h47
Labor Day is a time to celebrate the accomplishments of the activists and organizers who built our middle class. http://t.co/v6H3LCuAqW
RT @HuffPostPol: .@SenSanders writes about the importance of honoring the working people of this country http://t.co/Hl7v08Sblv http://t.co…
The time is long overdue for us to create an economy which works for the middle class. #LaborDay http://t.co/cCqrFCKP1K
It's time to fight for the middle class once again so that every working person in the U.S. has a chance at a decent life. #LaborDay
RT @latimes: Who does and who doesn't have the jobs and money: A Labor Day index from Bernie Sanders  http://t.co/0XzY8jgFvu http://t.co/Sr…
These billionaires want it all. They want to leave other Americans with the "freedom" to live in poverty. http://t.co/NTMRZjSQ1b
We must listen to the cries of hungry children, not the lobbyists for the military-industrial-complex. http://t.co/7thWzgXYSE
Sen. Sanders on Labor Day 2015: Stand Together and Fight Back — @HuffingtonPost http://t.co/uplPdYrklH
We are sick and tired of the war against working families.
Today's News: Sen. Sanders' labor day index lists the jobs and income statistics you need to know http://t.co/0mYmy2VRUg
.@Pontifex: Do we truly realize that something is wrong in a world where there are so many farmworkers without land? http://t.co/b73lF3QbAz
We need a movement which tells the Koch brothers and the billionaire class that they cannot continue to buy candidates and elections.
Today more than 1 in 9 bridges in the US is structurally deficient. http://t.co/QWC7BPFZqR
We need legislation which puts 11 million undocumented people living in the United States on a path to citizenship. http://t.co/4xcj7qHjei
Americans Overwhelmingly Support A Vacation Mandate — @HuffingtonPost
http://t.co/sLFMAAEe3z http://t.co/sUm3n5bk1U
Must Read: Three Rich Treasury Secretaries Laugh It Up Over Income Inequality -@HuffingtonPost. Watch the exchange: http://t.co/u79Y9aHOYh
We need a movement that will end our disastrous trade policies and that includes defeating the disastrous TPP.
We must fundamentally restructure our student loan program. http://t.co/CH7mjSqNcO
There is a 40-year war going on this country today against the American middle class. http://t.co/qjT4pHgvmM
Must Read: Low-Income Workers See Biggest Drop in Paychecks -@nytimes http://t.co/VfZ58YcgZO http://t.co/TzGyWHWvj3
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist. http://t.co/DZd3Wp0Gck
Today's News: Sen. Sanders discusses the cost of war and moves to slow the increasing cost of prescription drugs: http://t.co/3lQHlD0mXq
There is no rational reason why women should be earning 78 cents on the dollar compared to men. That has got to change.
We need to create millions of decent paying jobs by rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure. http://t.co/8hRPkRhr6D
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick. http://t.co/ihF7iV3UBK
Until 1973 workers' wages increased along with productivity but then wages were left behind: http://t.co/95Vk37lDW1 http://t.co/TWHvso2zlJ
At a time of massive inequality we must ask people who are doing phenomenally well to start paying their fair share http://t.co/KuzpVu03gl
Today's News: Sen. Sanders' proposal to rein in skyrocketing drug prices receives overwhelming support http://t.co/xr3X80TVZP
The nuclear agreement with Iran has the best chance of limiting Iran’s ability to produce a nuclear weapon, while avoiding yet another war.
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in but how it can resolve conflicts in a peaceful manner. #IranDeal
What the Supreme Court essentially said in Citizens United was that billionaires could own the U.S. government. http://t.co/A5BK3y2EzW
Must Read: Louisiana lays bare what happens if Republicans cut Planned Parenthood's funding: http://t.co/PHl0Fylucr #StandWithPP
6,000 people have responded. 99% say drug prices are too high &amp; 98% say the government must take action. Weigh in: http://t.co/F8TdRFEmxv
Education must be a right of all people. http://t.co/dMKytzuu6N
We need substantial new revenue by asking the largest corporation to start paying their fair share of taxes. http://t.co/dTvkdLrLbc
Today's News: Sen. Sanders releases proposal to slow the skyrocketing cost of prescription drugs: http://t.co/TMgll9eD7m
I believe we should raise the minimum wage to at least 15 bucks an hour so people in this county are not living in poverty.
Must Read: This is climate change: Alaskan villagers struggle as island is chewed up by the sea -@marialaganga: http://t.co/FkQTa4kxrf
We are moving very, very quickly from a democratic society, one person, one vote, to an oligarchic form of society http://t.co/AAffNCr0l4
Tell Bernie: Do you believe prescription drug prices are unreasonably high? http://t.co/nemrdZ0TJR http://t.co/bC5AVc8sRI
NEWS: Sanders Proposes Legislation on Soaring Drug Prices: http://t.co/fE2IEWLDWZ
Americans pay the highest prices for prescription drugs in the world -- by far. http://t.co/G3PjorO3cZ
Today's News: Sen. Sanders argues drones must be used "very selectively and effectively" http://t.co/N7EfPYpr88
I believe along w/@Pontifex &amp; nearly all scientists that climate change is threatening this planet in horrendous ways http://t.co/GLqLFEa7Tu
I voted against the Iraq war which I think will go down as one of the worst foreign policy blunders we have ever seen http://t.co/EJkny9jUXJ
It makes no sense to give tax breaks to billionaires when we have so many children living in poverty.
The American people want a government that represents all of us and not just Wall Street and the wealthiest people.
Coming up at Noon ET: Watch Sen. Sanders on @msnbc with @mitchellreports
Watch Sen. Bernie Sanders on MSNBC with @mitchellreports at 12 PM ET
As a result of Citizens United our campaign finance system has become corrupt and politicians are dependent upon billionaires for money.
Today's News: Democratic platform now includes $15/hour min wage, Sanders introduced bill to #RaiseTheWage in July: http://t.co/ridcBVNhBz
It is absurd that college graduates today are carrying debts of $50,000, $100,000 or more. We must deal with the issue of student debt.
The benchmark of full time work in America should be that no full-time worker should live in poverty. http://t.co/ugvMxNKrXV
Working for a just distribution of the fruits of the earth and human labor is not mere philanthropy. -@Pontifex http://t.co/SZTiHUsMpC
Must Read from @nybooks: The Pope and the Planet by @billmckibben: http://t.co/GyxZB8Ob5X
It’s time for fundamental changes in our trade policies so that corporate America starts investing in this country. http://t.co/80HntQOkal
It is unacceptable that the typical male worker made $783 less last year than he did 42 years ago. http://t.co/yQoEcvDgga
Sen. Sanders will join @CNN’s State of the Union and @ThisWeekABC on Sunday. http://t.co/3r7ORacqsg
Must Read from @voxdotcom: Sen. Sanders was called a liar for saying Hitler won an election. But he was right: http://t.co/VGNOnFZmA3
Today, one family, the Walton family of Walmart owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans. http://t.co/SYc1IL3Z3s
WATCH: Sen. Sanders reflects on the power of the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom: http://t.co/HpU9KMxUm1
The Koch brothers and the billionaire class want it all. http://t.co/gZhgVZCYVM
President Harry Truman: "I don't give them hell. I just tell the truth." http://t.co/jvKWUnjGgA
Today's News: Wall Street volatility renews call for Sen. Sanders' financial transaction tax: http://t.co/5kJXmd2Q9B
American democracy is not about corporations and billionaires being able to buy candidates and elections. http://t.co/dyX7vzL5b6
Must Read: Here's How Outrageous The Pay Gap Between CEOs And Workers Is -@jsyche: http://t.co/cBr0xoV7Ku http://t.co/dUy2iYX7kK
We need a banking system that is part of creating a productive economy. http://t.co/ktNEtVmYtO
It is an international embarrassment that nearly 20 percent of kids in America are living in poverty. http://t.co/RrpGd5cE2X
Today's News: Sanders urges Postal Service to reinstate overnight delivery, Sanders and Pope are "prophetic voices" http://t.co/xekkpz0Ngr
We must end the absurdity of private corporations making billions out of jails. http://t.co/3nnGAz7T9k
What they are saying is to hell with the American middle class; to hell with the American dream. http://t.co/Esb3caPE5z
NEWS: Sen. Sanders calls on @USPS to reinstate overnight delivery: http://t.co/gDEq3ZXTfQ
Women represent nearly two-thirds of minimum wage workers. #WomensEqualityDay http://t.co/CIoxkQ8lsp
When we say, enough is enough, this country belongs to all of us, there is nothing we cannot accomplish.
Today's News: Sen. Sanders supports bill to stop revolving door between Washington and Wall Street: http://t.co/AlCxcigonB
Today, over half of American workers have less than $10,000 in savings http://t.co/ZdKclx9liA
While 45 million Americans are living in poverty, the wealthiest 15 people in this country... http://t.co/Lc37tw7IK1
#VT NEWS: Vermont Health Centers Receive National Recognition and Additional Funding for High Quality Care http://t.co/65MKl1A9l0
The benchmark of full time work in America should be simple and concrete – that no full-time worker should live in poverty.
It is a national disgrace that real median family income is lower today than it was 26 years ago. http://t.co/IiGbZfndGy
Today's News: Sen. Sanders hits Wall Street after stock panic: http://t.co/irxRApTFIK
If we truly believe in a vibrant democracy, then we must have the highest voter turnout in the world.
We are not going to cut social security! We are going to expand social security! http://t.co/LEzPBColS3
We need to stand up and make it clear to the billionaire class they cannot have it all. http://t.co/6YzuHIS39Q
The results are in. Unfettered free trade has been a disaster for working Americans. It is high time we ended our disastrous trade policies.
Today's News: @YahooPolitics takes a closer look at Sen. Sanders' positions on foreign policy: http://t.co/HgnH9IoW4s
It is unacceptable that the typical female worker made $1,337 less last year than she did in 2007.
"Wages in America for millions of people are just too damn low." - Sen. Sanders
At a time when our planet is warming due to climate change, the last thing our environment needs is more drilling http://t.co/RuSNzG6WfO
.@Pontifex: http://t.co/Ox2Pzdtgki
How does it happen that we can spend trillions on never ending wars but can't afford to rebuild our crumbling roads? http://t.co/0krPpBGKC5
President Teddy Roosevelt: There can be no effective control of corporations while their political activity remains. http://t.co/QQjHBSUWac
One of the major reasons why the middle class is collapsing is because of the greed on Wall Street. http://t.co/jU7tP28ur1
It is better to show up than to give up. http://t.co/ItGH73pO0o
There is no question that the war on drugs has been a failure. http://t.co/3alFuel0Z3
To truly empower our communities, we must address the crippling poverty that affects tens of millions of people. http://t.co/ct8FDPRXk7
Every man, woman, and child is entitled to health care, and that right exists in virtually every other major country http://t.co/P3bhzqJjs7
Today's News: Sen. Sanders focused on raising wages, ending institutional racism, stopping climate change: http://t.co/xAxAiTUjZQ
Voter suppression today is alive and well http://t.co/f0ZP9kRdal
We are turning our backs on an entire generation of kids http://t.co/QN8WJzYyBw
Education should be a right, not a privilege. http://t.co/1Ih19U2dhF
#VT Must Read: 36 Hours in Burlington, Vermont -@nytimestravel @jegner: http://t.co/y6YVfEhiAq
Must Read: Global warming worsened the California drought, scientists say -@bydarrylfears: http://t.co/xxDYgDpCru
Watch @uvmvermont student and #ActOnClimate leader Gina Fiorile lead a Q&amp;A live from the White House: https://t.co/TwGScDb2Mh
RT @uvmvermont: Today: #UVM student Gina Fiorile is back at the @WhiteHouse, leading a Q&amp;A for an #ActOnClimate event: http://t.co/cNNNQZ8J…
The American people are sick and tired of establishment politics, establishment economics and establishment media. http://t.co/AinPpDddfJ
Today's News: "He shows that it’s possible to be a politician who speaks the truth." -- Cornel West on Sen. Sanders: http://t.co/dIbbbkMZYS
It's time for Wall Street to come to the aid of working families. http://t.co/cAp7AxrYd8
Republicans' family values are that a woman should not have the right to control her own body. I disagree! http://t.co/gcQ9WvKhTu
The millionaire class and the billionaire class increasingly own the political process http://t.co/kBY8wAygAq
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that we leave this planet in a way that is habitable. http://t.co/vhHc2pulWe
Today's News: Americans are working harder for less and paying more for prescription drugs: http://t.co/xldCkIf0DB
Afternoon News: Sen. Sanders and Senate Democrats push Republicans to open budget negotiations http://t.co/wPma728bzT
It is obscene that we have penitentiaries in this country run by private corporations. http://t.co/ZruIzRKmtg
EPA’s plan to cut methane emissions is an important step but we must do more to tackle the crisis of climate change https://t.co/0OgD53DZXZ
The 19th Amendment was ratified 95 years ago because American women organized and fought for the right to vote. http://t.co/gjOwHkQ9a9
We need to expand Medicare to cover every man, woman and child as a single-payer national health care program http://t.co/OT5Su8VU6G
The US government should not be in the business of profiteering on high interest rates on working-class families http://t.co/2r6nX0Qa0m
Today's News: Sanders right to highlight job losses caused by sequestration: http://t.co/bN81RAoY4X
Are you on the side of ordinary people struggling to put food on the table and send their kids to college? http://t.co/hevBE6Kkw1
At a time when our planet is warming due to climate change, the last thing our environment needs is more drilling. https://t.co/teseVKuoce
It's unacceptable to ask working-class Americans to work until they're 68 or 70 before qualifying for Social Security http://t.co/tUc0iPBkQc
Private insurance companies' goal is to make as much money as possible, not to provide quality care. http://t.co/nj7HhGlYJ6
Today's News: Sanders calls out media for focusing on wrong issues, leads push for $15 an hour minimum wage: http://t.co/7c88gyiuah
We mourn the loss of a heroic figure in the civil rights movement. Julian Bond dedicated his life to justice for all. -Sen. Sanders
Rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline is a no-brainer. http://t.co/hicetnDQQp
NEWS: Sanders statement on the passing of Julian Bond. http://t.co/XMZgt1jLk4
Our democracy is under fierce attack. We must overturn the disastrous Citizens United decision. http://t.co/ZSk4J6nNsH
The earth, our home, is beginning to look more and more like an immense pile of filth. -@Pontifex http://t.co/CZ3KBsYDwB
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government. http://t.co/yC2Zdd9zIA
The top one-tenth of one percent should not own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. http://t.co/vQrWYpT2hP
When we talk about everybody that must include 11 million undocumented immigrants in this country. http://t.co/uuf9Ih5F0U
We should be investing in jobs and education, not jails and incarceration. http://t.co/cRvGqgmpxd
Must Read from @EconomicPolicy: Nothing inaccurate in Sanders’ description of CBO numbers on impact of budget cuts: http://t.co/nHKYKP5b16
Afternoon News: Sen. Sanders and @RepCummings investigate rising drug prices: http://t.co/lGVnYTdKub
President Ronald Reagan: "Social Security has nothing to do with the deficit." #SocSec80 http://t.co/6LDnIqoky4
Through good times and bad, Social Security has paid out every benefit owed to every eligible American. #SocSec80 #ExpandSocialSecurity
#SocialSecurity is the most successful government program in our nation’s history. http://t.co/aJvL1Kcmlu
I applaud President Obama &amp; Secretary Kerry for moving to develop normal diplomatic relations with #Cuba. https://t.co/A5yHCh5bsI
From Burlington City Hall to the United States Senate, Sen. Sanders’ message hasn’t changed: https://t.co/qxV4CBF68Y
It's an embarrassment &amp; crime that Republicans have refused to consider legislation to restore the Voting Rights Act. http://t.co/YEn0vhHfqr
Today's News: MSNBC's Rachel Maddow examines Sen. Sanders consistency through the years: http://t.co/LiYeZImSaE
Health care is a human right. http://t.co/PEwBgaNBvP
Afternoon News: The impact of Sen. Sanders' $15 minimum wage bill, Burlington goes 100% renewable http://t.co/kRgjRwmCsW
It's profoundly wrong that we have a proliferation of billionaires and the highest rate of childhood poverty http://t.co/03dpRdQJ2B
#TBT Sen. Sanders in 1997: “Big money cannot continue to buy elections.” https://t.co/lHQiqhLTit
We are going to make sure that every veteran get the heath care and benefits they are entitled to. http://t.co/Er6o1fJLag
Today's News: Sen. Sanders focusing on environmental justice in fight to protect the #CleanPowerPlan: http://t.co/icYHQHKFpg
President Jimmy Carter has devoted his life to the American people. My thoughts are with him and his family. -B
The right to vote is preservative of all other rights. http://t.co/zMCjQKNA2l
RT @MiaFarrow: "We have a message to the billionaire class and that message is; YOU CAN'T HAVE IT ALL."  - Bernie Sanders
We are moving very quickly from a democratic society, one person, one vote, to an oligarchic form of society. http://t.co/ipt3hN5PsC
We must end the absurdity of 2.6 million women working 50- to 60-hours-a-week without any overtime pay. #FixOvertime
We must fundamentally restructure our student loan program. http://t.co/1NP4jXmBem
I want you to think of what this great country can be. http://t.co/Pb2gG3oC8h
Today's News: @USCBO finds up to 1.4 million jobs could be created if Congress stops arbitrary budget cuts: http://t.co/GCJ4Rp48rt
If Congress does not act to end sequestration, we’re looking at the loss of as many as 1.4 million jobs over the next two years.
RT @WhiteHouse: If Republicans in Congress agree to end harmful budget cuts, America could add up to 1.4 million jobs (via @USCBO): http://…
We must end the over incarceration of non-violent young Americans who do not pose a serious threat to our society, http://t.co/8b3BIILPeZ
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Job Losses Caused by Sequestration http://t.co/sK7PkSAXdq http://t.co/FZ4xsgMKQH
It's time to make our government work for all of us and not just the 1%. http://t.co/yAWtspxIZw
Today's News: The New York Times applauds Sanders' plan to make public colleges tuition free for undergrads: http://t.co/WUndLGuvqA
A job should lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. http://t.co/yE4De0wcb1
The cost of war is real. It is terrible. I believe that war should be the last resort, not the first resort.
Yesterday, Sen. Sanders explained why he supports the Iran nuclear deal: https://t.co/X2zPvkG3ea
What takes place in the US Congress today has nothing to do with the reality of middle-class working families. http://t.co/SXufuSsnon
We must revolutionize our nation’s higher education system. http://t.co/9aokB4J11y
President Franklin D. Roosevelt: http://t.co/tBkv1tmLIX
Today's News: Sanders tells CBS' @FaceTheNation he will support the nuclear agreement with Iran: http://t.co/T2Y80qodyn
I want to know why the US is the only major country on earth that doesn't provide health care to all of its people. http://t.co/eVhrfInzkn
If we could bail out Wall Street, we can make sure that every American can go to college without going into debt. http://t.co/UISfsyCFNa
.@Pontifex: Humanity is called to recognize the need for changes of lifestyle to combat this warming. http://t.co/XJugKBFD7f
Today: Watch Sen. Sanders on CBS @FaceTheNation. Check local listing: http://t.co/4vIPKvCEhT http://t.co/ldQsS6WIhp
We are seeing the two pronged attack on our democracy. http://t.co/CyG7BPawbi
Are we happy that 99% of all new income is going to the top 1%? http://t.co/pFPkm6Br6F
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Slain Vermont Social Worker http://t.co/szM7gitK2n #vt
A living wage should not only be fair, it should be equitable. http://t.co/EU9Fys9Tmi
Watch Sen. Sanders on CBS's @FaceTheNation Sunday morning. Check your local listing: http://t.co/DmGaiVWJuZ http://t.co/RO5QnLxopK
NEWS: Sanders Supports Iran Nuclear Deal: http://t.co/Q73W7LvaLf
Sanders on #IranDeal: The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in. http://t.co/M6U9NfgAmM http://t.co/1V58Xvnjt4
The Week in Review: Sanders slams broken campaign finance system, calls for U.S. to lead on voter turnout: http://t.co/ubY1Mg3aNT
Must Read: "The Racial Gaps in America's Recovery" -@TheAtlantic @gillianbwhite: http://t.co/I4Ua4J1XXL
Change takes place because people struggle. http://t.co/dlyiuw6lld
Happening Now: Sen. Sanders is on the Thom Hartmann Program. Watch live: http://t.co/OazYbBw33H
The time has come for us to stand up and fight back against voter suppression. http://t.co/Tgt9KZi6Bl
Today's News: Sen. Sanders on #VRA50: "I want to see America have the highest voter turnout of any major country." http://t.co/8RUlRpfuJP
Happening Now: Sen. Sander is on MSNBC with @TheRevAl discussing the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act #VRA50
Coming up: Sen. Sanders is on MSNBC's @PoliticsNation with @TheRevAl at 6:10 PM ET
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard. #VRA50 http://t.co/A0OqmacJ4a
#TBT to when Sen. Sanders joined Jon Stewart on the @TheDailyShow in 2011:  http://t.co/5nKMKZKOdV
"The time has come for us to stand up and fight back against voter suppression." Watch Sen. Sanders' speech: https://t.co/ve0NWTNqqZ
The American political system is being destroyed. What we are looking
at now is oligarchy, not democracy. Watch: https://t.co/fwpDs9UdXE
NEWS: Sanders Introduces Legislation to Increase Voter Turnout on #VRA50 http://t.co/8SDy0P1Nek http://t.co/OZAylUwFcI
So long as I do not firmly and irrevocably possess the right to vote I do not possess myself. -MLK Jr. #VRA50 http://t.co/UVqvIeDTDv
RT @repjohnlewis: Our vote is the foundation of democracy. A just &amp; fair society requires the removal of any &amp; all barriers to the ballot b…
We have got to end the private-for-profit prison racket in America! http://t.co/h5Z4uq6Pcw
Today's News: Sanders discusses voter suppression and #VRA50, applauds new CEO pay rule: http://t.co/1gz4leS7gT
There must be a guarantee that people receive what they need in order to live a dignified life. http://t.co/v6JXFwNBD0
NEWS: Sanders Statement on CEO Pay Rule http://t.co/lUKoUuWHgi
We need real family values! #FMLA22 http://t.co/kO1LMzejVc
In terms of real family values in many respects the US lags behind virtually every major country on earth. #FMLA22 http://t.co/PxmGEX4QH5
For 22 years, the Family Medical Leave Act has helped millions of Americans #FMLA22 http://t.co/z2Eaq9ZYPt
How the #CleanPowerPlan helps our communities: http://t.co/I6XxHQ1JVE
This is what inequality means in America: Today CEO compensation is nearly 300 times worker compensation. http://t.co/y0S5OOtrK9
It's time to join the rest of the industrialized world in guaranteeing paid family leave #FMLA22 https://t.co/Unp3nyMiPz
The current campaign system is corrupt and amounts to legalized bribery. http://t.co/TsIkal02Fj
Today's News: Sanders slams legalized bribery, talks immigration reform with @jorgeramosnews: http://t.co/WKeu4kgzW4
Our vision should be a nation in which all people regardless of income can participate in the political process http://t.co/3XtQcaXk3l
I fear very much that government of the people, by the people, for the people is perishing in the United States. http://t.co/6izMo2iyPS
Afternoon News: Sanders calls for publicly funded elections, anti-austerity push goes mainstream http://t.co/7Htdqw9fFW
Sanders: We must replace our corrupt system of legalized bribery. Watch the speech: https://t.co/8pxobR6xoG
Must Read: The New American Slavery: Invited to the U.S., Foreign Workers Find a Nightmare -@BuzzFeedNews: http://t.co/viaLP6O7vC
The measure of success for law enforcement should not be how many people get locked up. http://t.co/NWbHRzpOyi
NEWS: Sanders Proposes Public Funding of Elections to Replace ‘Corrupt’ System of ‘Legalized Bribery’ http://t.co/urPLLqgLKW
"Our vision for the future should be one where candidates are not telling billionaires what they can do for them." - Sen. Sanders
President Jimmy Carter: The US is "an oligarchy, with unlimited political bribery" https://t.co/8VjZeZiU2O
We are talking about a rapid movement in this country where a handful of wealthy individuals and companies determine who gets elected.
"How many billions will be used to elect candidates who only represent the rich and the super rich?" - Sen. Sanders
"In the year 2015, 'government of the people, by the people, for the people' is perishing in America." -Sen. Sanders
Happening now: Sen. Bernie Sanders announces legislation to take money out of politics. Watch here: http://t.co/Bx5ucn33Uq
Coming up at 11:30 AM ET: Sen. Sanders will speak about the influence of money in politics on @cspan
It's insane that we have young people who have the desire &amp; ability to go to college but cannot afford tuition. http://t.co/LYSVK80pfY
Today's News: Sanders calls attempted Planned Parenthood cuts "an attack on women's health," supports #CleanPowerPlan http://t.co/TjRfaTAFDr
"The global economy is simply unsustainable when so few have so much and so many have so little." -Sen. Sanders http://t.co/Jt5Fb1MMK3
NEWS: Sen. Sanders Denounces Republican Attack on Women http://t.co/PJ1KIme7Wr http://t.co/Iklo6qHBM8
The time has come to say loudly and clearly: enough is enough. http://t.co/I98FvABfrH
Sen. Bernie Sanders addresses the Greek Debt Crisis https://t.co/UTQgZK2W7M
Senate Republicans’ attempt to cut off support for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women’s health. #StandwithPP http://t.co/BLeyS8bhh8
Climate change is a planetary crisis. Our task is clear. We must dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions. #CleanPowerPlan
We need to give our children, regardless of their race or their income, a fair shot at attending college. http://t.co/nFjmqtlPJS
We must move boldly to transform or energy system away from fossil fuels &amp; toward renewable energy #CleanPowerPlan http://t.co/nZyPW5s1qd
Today's News: Sen. Sanders welcomes the #CleanPowerPlan, pushes for publicly funded elections http://t.co/6WIX0lxhc6
Pres Obama knows climate change is the great planetary crisis facing us &amp; we must move boldly to transform our energy system #CleanPowerPlan
President Carter: We’ve just seen a complete subversion of our political system as a payoff to major contributors. http://t.co/jiSL8q2vci
The benchmark of full time work in America should be simple – that no full-time worker should live in poverty. http://t.co/Qh7ZjZy9tI
.@Pontifex: http://t.co/nLlzM1YEJE
This morning Sen. Sanders is on ABC's "This Week." Check your local listings: http://t.co/LsdFZLGEX5 http://t.co/lpYo8sRIMU
We will not give tax breaks to billionaires when children in this country are going hungry! http://t.co/jxMDKSOllV
There needs to be a path back from prison. We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated. http://t.co/7rJ6IIfJ5H
Sunday: Sen. Bernie Sanders is on ABC's @ThisWeekABC. Check your local listings: http://t.co/4OHyIiga71 http://t.co/I3Mi7xNh49
Bernie Sanders Explains Why You Should Care About What’s Happening to Greece -@thenation: http://t.co/GoxJ8Ga9y5 http://t.co/sFPXPLvybJ
The Week in Review: Sen. Sanders calls for Medicare-for-all &amp; rebukes Republican efforts to defund Planned Parenthood http://t.co/St4V8YYUCM
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it. http://t.co/wFucItMBCG
This is the wealthiest nation in the history of the world, but nobody in America knows it http://t.co/MFPQcsbg64
Watch Sen. Sanders announce his plan for a Medicare-for-all health care system https://t.co/whLjx53BM2
Despite the modest gains of the Affordable Care Act we have 35 million people who still have no health insurance, http://t.co/q1PsORoscW
We must end the international embarrassment of being the only major country that does not guarantee paid leave http://t.co/pxqjadeYDp
Ann shared how Medicare impacted her life #Medicare50: http://t.co/sYdHXTyFu3 http://t.co/Lfpcn9aJmi
Happening Now: Sen. Sanders discusses the Greek Debt Crisis with nobel prize economist @JosephEStiglitz. Watch live: http://t.co/YmQ9Ql7TQG
America is the only major nation in the industrialized world that does not guarantee health care as a right: http://t.co/IS3jKb7VVs
This is not just an environmental issue, this is also a global national security issue as well. #ActOnClimate http://t.co/uNdKrVzGAB
RT @rooseveltinst: On Thursday @JosephEStiglitz will join @SenSanders and others to discuss the ongoing Greek crisis http://t.co/HZ16LRGvqM
NEWS: On 50th Anniversary of Medicare, Sanders Proposes Medicare-for-All http://t.co/QK1QEYZZlt http://t.co/qAPotb4Hvk
"The time has come to say that we need to expand Medicare to cover every man, woman and child." -Sen. Sanders http://t.co/z1JHpNgnAH
As a moral society our job is to ask: do we believe that everyone is entitled to health care? -Sen. Sanders
Health care is a right for all people not a privilege. -Sen. Sanders #Medicare4All http://t.co/77lyLaqRy7
Join the discussion about the crisis in Greece with Sen. Sanders and @JosephEStiglitz TODAY at 2:30PM in Hart Senate Office Building Rm 902
As we celebrate the 50th anniversary of Medicare, it is important that we defend this enormously important program. http://t.co/HqnGZw2uLP
"Without Medicare I'd have been...incapacitated" -Alan, Oregon. See more stories: http://t.co/706VxjSXJI http://t.co/ygxVjaSw5T
The attempt by Republicans to cut off support for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women’s health. #StandwithPP http://t.co/RzZ68Gb8v5
On the 50th Anniversary of Medicare &amp; Medicaid, people wrote Sen. Sanders about how the programs have impacted them: http://t.co/TK2bgHRwNf
RT @SenateBudget: Great chance to meet @SenSanders @JosephEStiglitz &amp; others at Greek debt conference tomorrow at 2:30 pm https://t.co/4j75…
NEWS: Sanders &amp; @RepCummings Urge Officials to Combat Overcharging for Critical Drug: http://t.co/eTEy4H9M74 http://t.co/nR6qC9PILy
Free speech does not equal the ability of people to buy elections. http://t.co/aG9MupRcDd
NEWS: Sanders' statement on Planned Parenthood #StandwithPP: http://t.co/I7uF2OG5IB http://t.co/rvQMdFVzVW
RT @EnergyDems: "We have got to address this planetary crisis. The debate is over. Scientists agree #climatechange is real, human-caused." …
Our job now is to aggressively transform our energy system away from fossil fuels. http://t.co/kouDjzjmPP
Thursday: Sen. Sanders &amp; Joseph Stiglitz will be discussing the Greek Debt Crisis. RSVP: http://t.co/KFwVnsWl6C http://t.co/zxXTFk1pvS
Take the poll: Do you support raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour? http://t.co/sCBuzxfLBv http://t.co/rSoijIF6mz
It is an obscenity that we stigmatize so many young Americans with a criminal record for smoking marijuana... http://t.co/bltCSDhyXx
Men, we have to stand with women and fight for full pay equity. #BlackWomenEqualPay Day http://t.co/Vn7koERaLJ
RSVP here: https://t.co/PMbP9LyN1P https://t.co/CY34QuPQrl
RT @ezraklein: Sanders: "we are moving very, very quickly from a democratic society...to an oligarchic form of society" http://t.co/2niCwO4…
RT @TheArcUS: @SenSanders speaking about #ADA25 after the march! http://t.co/in6KzacbDl
"This country has socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the poor." - Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. http://t.co/eqAWV0S2xR
Must Read: "Greece, the Sacrificial Lamb" -@JosephEStiglitz: http://t.co/7KXOE9BTkA

RSVP to the discussion: http://t.co/oTuZo5solJ
Today's News: National Journal looks at Sen. Sanders' history of bipartisanship &amp; Sanders sits down with Vox http://t.co/QE8ZswffpV
Nobody should have a gun who has a criminal background or who’s involved in domestic abuse situations. http://t.co/dksfJDBHId
Health care is a right, not a privilege. http://t.co/TV94glfvvZ
Sanders calls for "common sense" gun control solutions: http://t.co/uI1KSt6EXp
People are working 40 hours a week and cannot afford to feed their families. That has got to change. http://t.co/Zl4I0TO5X3
Certain types of guns exclusively used to kill people, not for hunting, should not be sold in America. http://t.co/JVVnK7cjFj
We should not be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank. http://t.co/ZHz2GA3AHX
If we are serious about creating jobs &amp; climate change  we must be deadly serious about campaign finance reform. http://t.co/mnrPrcOIwi
Today everything comes under the laws of competition and the survival of the fittest. -@Pontifex http://t.co/bCDDGfZ3ai
Sen. Sanders is on NBC's @meetthepress this morning. Check your local listing for airtime: http://t.co/8r3aM8eWmu http://t.co/9M9rVrFsCG
It’s unconscionable that women earn 78 cents on the dollar compared to men who perform the same work. http://t.co/L5MOzyynbx
If we ended tax breaks and subsidies for big oil, gas, and coal companies... http://t.co/EGoAahCRPE
Sunday: Sen. Sanders will be on NBC's @meetthepress with @chucktodd. Check your local listing: http://t.co/PpFWl6SJNE http://t.co/y7DNfzdnPg
As FDR reminded us, a nation’s greatness is judged by how it treats the people most in need. http://t.co/xgxSuHSuFe
$7.25, the current federal minimum wage, is a starvation wage. #FightFor15 Watch the video: https://t.co/IAGI6G1USG
The Week in Review: Sanders fights for $15, responds to Sandra Bland arrest, supports reinstating Glass-Steagall http://t.co/WENpGAID9j
RT @SenateBudget: 210 top economists in the country agree: a $15/hr minimum wage is the right thing to do. Read more here: http://t.co/hrd5…
A mother has the right to know what she is feeding her child. #GMOlabeling http://t.co/MEDiBLT2En
Today's News: living wage proponents have found a champion in Sen. Sanders, House passes bill to block GMO labeling http://t.co/TwVn6P1dKV
Scientists say our planet could be 5 to 10 degrees warmer by the end of this century. This is catastrophic. http://t.co/7gBk8vXzTJ
A living wage and a union is the only way working women can get ahead, and stay ahead. -Sontia Bailey http://t.co/rz8VnyTDIo
Pictures from yesterday's rally for a living wage: http://t.co/Hjoh2im8yQ #FightFor15 http://t.co/1fqUNYE2v5
RT @SenateBudget: Tune in July 30 @ 2:30 for a discussion on Greek debt led by @SenSanders &amp; noted national economists:  http://t.co/zpSLxG…
Those are their family values, not our family values. http://t.co/fqe1uxOfbE
ICYMI Sen. Sanders strongly condemned the arrest and death of Sandra Bland on @edshow &amp; called for reforms https://t.co/MuwFa2mZ5R
It is a national disgrace that millions of full-time workers are living in poverty. http://t.co/Zh6a5X136t
Today's News: Sen. Sanders strongly condemns arrest and death of Sandra Bland, fights for $15 minimum wage http://t.co/gL8wMO4vuu
No one who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty. -Sen. Sanders #FightFor15  https://t.co/EkUxy5Q8uw
$7.25 an hour is a starvation wage. It’s got to be raised to a living wage. -Sen. Sanders #FightFor15 https://t.co/51GAjja2Pj
I want young people to be able to run for office and not have to beg for money from rich people and corporations. http://t.co/nIpr2Sjgzy
The simple truth is that working people cannot survive on the federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour. http://t.co/VJj0T1djQJ
NEWS: Sanders Introduces Bill for $15-an-Hour Minimum Wage http://t.co/1E6XjNYi2u http://t.co/hz1Yo1vwrr
LIVE on #Periscope:  Sanders announces $15 minimum wage https://t.co/ZSF95VoxoH
LIVE on #Periscope: Sen. Sanders announces $15 minimum wage bill https://t.co/JePF68Nw2q
Coming up at 11 AM ET: Sen. Sanders will address rally to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour LIVE on Periscope
People across the country are working hard, yet they can’t afford to send their kids to college. http://t.co/vNo7bdyeEY
Today's News: Sen. Sanders calls for $15 minimum wage, responds to video of Sandra Bland's arrest http://t.co/3JnqwKkQoS
LIVE on Periscope at 11 AM ET: Sen. Sanders will address hundreds of workers &amp; unveil legislation to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour
This video of Sandra Bland's arrest shows totally outrageous police behavior. http://t.co/D6ehP8xen8
The lowest-paid worker in America today would be making more than $28 an hour. http://t.co/DtYwPZGKhF
RT @GoodJobsNation: We are ready to rally in DC tmrw 11am with @SenSanders @keithellison @RepRaulGrijalva #FightFor15 #feelthebern http://t…
The struggle for racial and economic justice continues. http://t.co/PWIZjpE5iQ
We need a vision that says that every person in this country is entitled to healthcare as a right. http://t.co/WBj32ezFXE
Must Read: "I am a cashier at the US Capitol. I earn so little that I work two jobs" -Sontia Bailey @guardian: http://t.co/nXJg6GxaHW
Sanders spoke to 500 #VT high school students, mostly from families that have never sent a child to college. Video: https://t.co/u4bT814Pf6
When we look at names like Sandra Bland, or Eric Garner or Freddie Gray, we understand that what we want... http://t.co/tCXWV355Bq
Today's News: Sanders to unveil minimum wage legislation Wednesday, supports Vermont rail project http://t.co/7HtItPgQgK
We’ve got to do what every other major country on earth does and have a medical and family leave program. http://t.co/z2nlgs3X58
Today's News: Sen. Sanders readies legislation to raise minimum wage to $15 an hour, calls to expand Social Security http://t.co/iOyvhrqtj1
It is against our country's best interests that hundreds of thousands of young people cannot afford to go to college http://t.co/tU2qYAU5o9
If we are truly serious about ending too big to fail, we have got to break up the largest financial institutions http://t.co/gXiTSHNemp
With the collapse of the American middle class, men and women are being forced to work incredibly long hours. http://t.co/MgqNa887zs
The US is the only advanced economy that does not guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave. That is wrong http://t.co/VXnaPhw9cD
If the bottom 90% had simply maintained the same share of wealth that it did in 1985... http://t.co/8JdCwpE50Q
.@Pontifex: Man is not in charge today, money is in charge, money rules. http://t.co/PnUM9cNupU
I believe that Wall Street regulates the Congress and that you have to break these guys up. http://t.co/NbAakAIW96
For the last 40 years, there has been a massive attack by the wealthiest Americans against the middle class. http://t.co/omdZ7SgAKR
The week in review: Sanders calls for "jobs not jails," responds to Iran deal, applauds the Older Americans Act http://t.co/c1ahciPlOS
#OAA50 Karla M. from Greenville, TX: http://t.co/XOMyYCrGxP
Repealing Glass-Steagall and allowing commercial banks to merge with investment banks in 1999 was a huge mistake. http://t.co/9M89u1xsop
If we do not reverse course, young Americans will have a lower standard of living than their parents. http://t.co/PBtZe2OdE4
Must Read: CEO Pay Has Grown 90x Faster than Typical Worker Pay Since 1978 -@EconomicPolicy http://t.co/vk4RQTA6Fz http://t.co/kE8DfQXgL6
Today's News from Sen. Bernie Sanders: http://t.co/GyebZlx592
Climate change is a planetary crisis. http://t.co/rjhihtbZSD
NEWS: Sanders Applauds Passage of Older Americans Act Reauthorization http://t.co/rGSrTBGpc7
Today I co-sponsored @SenJeffMerkley’s bill to ban arctic drilling. We need Congress to move toward clean energy, not more drilling.
American seniors deserve to live with dignity and with a sense of security. #OAA #OlderAmericansAct reauthorization http://t.co/bea6kczvwL
The time has come to invest in jobs for our kids not jails http://t.co/393Spes2HX
It is a lot less expensive to provide jobs and education to our young people than to lock them up http://t.co/65B9z5xwMl
NEWS: Sanders Praises President’s Prison Visit, Calls for Jobs Not Jails http://t.co/gfeaFXdeDQ http://t.co/asRYDTtqEy
The Senate is voting on Sen. Sanders' amendment to help young people find jobs. How will your senator vote? Live: http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW
RT @DSenFloor: VOTE: @SenSanders amdt #2177 (youth jobs) to S.1177, Every Child Achieves Act (60 vote threshold) #ECAA #clerkwillcalltherol…
NOW: The Senate is voting on Sen. Sanders' amendment to give jobs to young people. Watch live: http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW
One of the reasons we have so many people incarcerated in America is that we have an obscenely high level of youth unemployment.
RT @NSBAComm: Next vote up: @SenSanders amdt. 2177 on youth job programs. #fixNCLB #EveryChildAchieves #ESEA #ECAA #NCLB
Sen. Sanders is speaking on the #Senate floor. Watch live here: http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW
Today's News: Sen. Sanders expresses "grave concern" over human trafficking in Malaysia http://t.co/BSg9XkgAN9
We should be pursuing policies that unite families, not tear them apart. http://t.co/WI5nF99g04
Between 1985 and 2013 there was a huge redistribution of wealth in America.  Sadly, it went in the wrong direction. http://t.co/eqvs5NGcBt
Afternoon news: Sen. Sanders advocates for guaranteed paid vacation and maternity leave http://t.co/GmyDaaZeXp
We've got to start creating a situation where our kids can leave school and start leading productive lives http://t.co/1E6We8HgZZ
Let me be as clear as I can be: it makes a lot more sense to invest in jobs and education than in more and more jails. -Sen. Sanders
From April 2014-March 2015, the real unemployment rate for black high school graduates (ages 17-20) was 51.3%, for Hispanics it was 36.1%.
Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live here: http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW
Sen. Sanders is on his way to speak on the Senate floor. Watch live here: http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW
The answer to unemployment and poverty is not and cannot be the over-incarceration of young African Americans. http://t.co/u2LPk3giuu
Sen. Sanders will be speaking on the Senate floor today at 2:15. Watch live here: http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW
Black Children in U.S. Are Much More Likely to Live in Poverty, Study Finds - @stavernise: http://t.co/cXCB8zuFG6 http://t.co/oaEum9bpKS
What sense is it to tell working moms and dads that they cannot get the quality and affordable childcare they need? http://t.co/ebhpptCOZr
Today's News: Sanders supports Iran nuclear deal, generic drug prices rise http://t.co/29f9agydYl
Tragically we have more people in jail today than any other country on earth including China. http://t.co/tmbDNFVHtr
The nuclear agreement with Iran is a victory for diplomacy over saber-rattling. http://t.co/gxIoaOsfZe
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Iran Nuclear Agreement: http://t.co/B9l1todg5d #IranDeal
I believe there should be a responsible path to citizenship so individuals can come out of the shadow. http://t.co/W7702l29vg
Today's News from Sen. Bernie Sanders: http://t.co/2KqgccN9fv
You determine who's out of the mainstream: https://t.co/khbl0uQv5V
We have got to provide our young people with the jobs and the skills they need to succeed. http://t.co/QugKlTV4dC
Today's News: Sen. Sanders on economic growth, the push to expand Social Security http://t.co/8m4Mik41MP
We've got to move to a society that provides a high quality of life for all of our people. http://t.co/29LRf1zyj0
We need a political revolution. http://t.co/tb7bxGuEHg
We have got to expand social security benefits by lifting the cap on taxable incomes. http://t.co/OZpFyowctm
20 percent of our children are living in poverty. http://t.co/0gXUlVxG5x
If a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist. - Sen. Sanders on @FaceTheNation now
TODAY: Sen. Sanders is on CBS's @FaceTheNation. Check your local listings: http://t.co/KuLiRY2XA7 http://t.co/zpuobjewui
.@Pontifex: We must say: 'We want a just system!' http://t.co/PtthU0c9sT
We will not accept a society in which billionaires are able to undermine our democracy by buying elections http://t.co/ktCsgRQjSZ
Millions of children in this country are not receiving the quality childcare or early education that they need. http://t.co/tHMTIVbYmO
Today's News: Pope Francis criticizes the "mentality of profit at any price," Sanders' solar legislation http://t.co/P7kniSbfkH
Watch Sen. Sanders on CBS's @FaceTheNation Sunday morning, July 12. Check local listings: http://t.co/O9kSzTwV9o http://t.co/UhU1fwChM4
If current trends continue 1 in 4 black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during his lifetime. http://t.co/oGJANRZRqi
The week in review: Sen. Sanders addresses child poverty, introduces low-income solar initiative http://t.co/SofLcI916G
Climate change is already causing devastating problems. We have to address it. http://t.co/7XdfEOrWWw
NEWS: Senators Call on FCC to Probe Cable, Broadband Prices: http://t.co/MobkF6EfSW
Today's News from Sen. Sanders: Puerto Rico, immigration and campaign finance reform http://t.co/apaMyLLKh6
This grotesque level of income inequality is immoral. http://t.co/XnCo8c5Fbk
NOW: Sen. Sanders is on @CNN talking with @ChrisCuomo.
Coming up at 8:30amET Sen. Sanders will be on @CNN talking with @ChrisCuomo.
Despite huge increases in productivity, Americans continue to work some of the longest hours of any country on earth http://t.co/WS9lHk8fs9
Sen. Sanders: Americans already work longer hours than employees in most other countries in the world http://t.co/ovdtLT45o4
Happening now Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC's @EdShow.
The sad truth is that Americans already work the longest hours of any people in the Western industrialized world http://t.co/mFlxdyJKTM
Coming up at 5:15pmET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC's @EdShow.
Must Read: "Bringing Broken-Windows Policing to Wall Street" -@Chris_arnade @TheAtlantic: http://t.co/Jho9883rOP
When you have major corporations not paying a nickel in federal taxes clearly that has got to change. http://t.co/zFvWYVGRW9
Do you have a question for Bernie? Call the @Thom_Hartmann show now: 202 536-2370 or Watch here: https://t.co/EAyj4zwC7i
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: http://t.co/i65zfLDNsw
Today's News: Sen. Sanders calls youth unemployment "an issue of crisis proportions," addresses  rising drug costs http://t.co/Er9DduP9fk
#TBT to 1974: No real change is going to come about until the incredible concentration of wealth and power is broken. http://t.co/uNl5pvTFkz
Sen. Sanders: America’s aproach to children an international embarrassment https://t.co/LdQjK3kkZU
The great American middle class has been disappearing. http://t.co/nt3foLxkZv
NEWS: America’s Approach to Children an ‘International Embarrassment,’ Sanders Says: http://t.co/CApIDijJpi
It makes a lot more sense to invest in jobs, job training and education than to spend incredible amounts on jails and law enforcement
We must move toward a universal Pre-K educational system for all of the kids of our country.
We are the wealthiest country in the history of the world and yet we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major nation.
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live: http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW
NEWS: Coming up at 3:10pmET Sen. Sanders will be speaking on the Senate. Watch live: http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW
It is time for Wall Street to bail out the middle class. http://t.co/U8tylIQI2i
Must Read: Republicans Publicly Denounce Sen. Sanders’ Obamacare Expansion, Quietly Request Funding -@the_intercept: http://t.co/H7MZNcD2Pe
We have to fight against the politics of division that seeks to divide working families. http://t.co/E6KvS1qQUO
Today's News: Sanders backs bankruptcy protections for Puerto Rico, proposes "grander idea" of free public college http://t.co/xhqvBQ47je
We must make sure that Puerto Rico can rebuild its economy, create good-paying jobs and expand its tax base. http://t.co/fcOHgXBnnh
NEWS: Sanders statement on Puerto Rico's financial crisis: http://t.co/jGbba7gNtJ #PuertoRico
Families across this country struggle to pay electricity bills. Access to solar energy can help reduce these costs. http://t.co/mdAhL2mkzl
NEWS: Sen. Sanders introduces legislation to make solar energy more accessible to low-income families: http://t.co/pM4ab0ZNr3
Today's news: Sen. Sanders addresses black youth unemployment, pending pension cuts and Greece http://t.co/IqQ2vcf0AZ
There is a moral responsibility that we must accept to transform our energy system. http://t.co/wttzpfoyzy
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC talking with @TheRevAl.
Coming up at 6:40pmET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC talking with @TheRevAl.
African American youth unemployment is 50% and one in three African American males born today may end up in jail. http://t.co/wPjoEa1ady
Today's afternoon news from Sen. Sanders: GOP quietly requests funding for health centers Sanders helped secure http://t.co/4aBjDXIYvt
You cannot continue to take advantage of the benefits of America if you shirk your responsibilities as Americans http://t.co/U5TUpNU34C
Must Read: "Welcome to Hooverville, California" - @TobarWriter @nytimes: http://t.co/SybM35wJCW
Trickle down economics is a fraud. http://t.co/hb57A482K5
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/PLHUe3lN7T
I applaud the people of Greece for saying NO to more austerity for the poor, children, sick and elderly. http://t.co/hoAwRDy6gl
NEWS: Greece Votes 'No' to Austerity: http://t.co/hi3ZH3MAxw http://t.co/7y57oH1F0Y
There are many major crises facing our country. At the top of the list is the need to overturn Citizens United. http://t.co/57DXuHZD5T
Weekend Read: "How Bernie Sanders Fought for Our Veterans" - @Politico: http://t.co/9vbDf6e9GL http://t.co/ngEBeZB6cB
Happening Now: Sen. Sanders is on CNN's State of the Union
.@Pontifex: http://t.co/cUq0baUANC
Today at 9 AM &amp; Noon ET: Sen. Bernie Sanders is on CNN's @CNNSotu with @JakeTapper
When you deny the right of workers to come together in collective bargaining, that's extremism. http://t.co/90ITCeytlM
Watch Sen. Sanders on CNN's "State of the Union," tomorrow at 9 am &amp; Noon ET http://t.co/Saxg1huH1r
$7.25 is a starvation wage, which must be raised. http://t.co/SsAfMXX93L
We have introduced a progressive estate tax that asks the billionaire class to pay their fair share. http://t.co/zd5uJGIEUc
Must Read: How Bernie Sanders Fought for Our Veterans - @Politico: http://t.co/nAYFhPYtR6
I don't believe it is a radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty http://t.co/OBaXoNBFuB
The issue of wealth and income inequality is the great moral issue of our time. http://t.co/SKqSBdaf4L
It makes no sense to me for the U.S. government to provide corporate welfare to large and profitable corporations http://t.co/0TjXvXJf2i
The choice should be how we make sure that every person in this country has the ability to get a college education. http://t.co/7o7yWNfI2n
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/HclsVMpray
The American people do not look kindly on a society where they can't afford to send their kids to college... http://t.co/wXrEel8FVM
Fifty years of Cold War is enough. http://t.co/OjmWqMJasp
In my view, we should invest $1 trillion in rebuilding our infrastructure in the next five years. http://t.co/S1LYtc0AMX
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/DU7nBuKClG
Here is the reality of the American economy: http://t.co/MrfKdiM6MF
Afternoon news from Sen. Bernie Sanders: http://t.co/lQJ6L15zYJ
Must Read: 32 Years Before SCOTUS Decision, Sanders Backed Gay Pride March - @PaulHeintz, @Seven_Days: http://t.co/nGJCWHdeOo
Our country and our government belong to all the people, not just a few. http://t.co/Sa5BJ74vZK
This long overdue change in overtime rules is a step in the right direction and good news for workers. http://t.co/y3tMCfYc1H
NEWS: Sen. Sanders welcomes new overtime rules for overworked employees http://t.co/pimeoq7Zty http://t.co/5F0Xs5GxzS
When congressional districts are controlled by partisanship it is bad for voters and our democracy. http://t.co/2lgJ8YmJN3
NEWS: Sen. Sanders' statement on #SCOTUS Arizona Redistricting Commission decision http://t.co/o01MMZWdS9 http://t.co/IWPNt7r12u
There is only one major country on earth that does not guarantee health care as a right - the United States. http://t.co/30qQqqKCPf
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/vDCNGMlWvi
It is better to show up than to give up. http://t.co/3Hbk9Bc051
The fairest way to reduce wealth inequality and preserve our democracy is to enact a progressive estate tax. http://t.co/1UAv5M74HP
We have created new idols. - @Pontifex http://t.co/2onXkU7eeQ
Sen. Bernie Sanders is on @ThisWeeekABC this morning. Check your local broadcast time here: http://t.co/iopdUYuhrS
George Orwell: http://t.co/ZmZyhUmFHm
Weekend Read: "Power to the People" -@billmckibben @NewYorker...http://t.co/t0ieVrR1PN http://t.co/7iHWda6H22
Tomorrow, watch Sen. Bernie Sanders on @ThisWeekABC. See your local broadcast time here: http://t.co/1ZTWJmM2Kd http://t.co/q4NYjUved4
.@RichardTrumka: "Repealing the estate tax is another slap in the face to the working people" http://t.co/AuLdjlQ27l
The Week in Review: Sen. Sanders responded to #SCOTUSMarriage and #ACA rulings &amp; more: http://t.co/buaD3xWMp1
For too long our justice system has marginalized the gay community. I'm very glad the Court has finally caught up. http://t.co/aeNG8UOszt
NOW: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: http://t.co/i65zfLDNsw Call in at: 202-536-2370
Coming up at noon Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: http://t.co/DlvOxqUAfB
#MarriageEquality http://t.co/mmOr1E0o5Y
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Supreme Court Decision on Same-Sex Marriage: http://t.co/1dUu1sEcpV
Today the Supreme Court fulfilled the words engraved upon its building: ‘Equal justice under law.’ #SCOTUSMarriage
Our nation cannot survive morally or economically when so few have so much while so many have so little http://t.co/XjPGfzMgPA
Must read: "Who's Speaking Up for the American Worker?" - @papergirlmacy @nytopinion
http://t.co/oAudBXhP7f
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/TwVDbfAy25
Want to intern for Sen. Bernie Sanders? Deadline is tomorrow, Friday. Apply here: http://t.co/RSKlzhaMT3
We must end the scandal in which millions of employees earn no overtime pay http://t.co/g8Tx4hsNTC
Happening Now: Sen. Sanders talks with @MarkHalperin and @jheil on @BloombergTV
NOW: Sen. Sanders is on @BloombergTV talking with @MarkHalperin and @jheil.
Coming up at 5:15pmET Sen. Sanders will be on @BloombergTV talking with @MarkHalperin and @jheil.
Sen. Sanders proposes tax on billionaires to reduce wealth inequality: http://t.co/R6IsSVplkU http://t.co/IcO5lh7Uyq
NEWS: Sen. Bernie Sanders' statement on Supreme Court decision upholding #ACA http://t.co/AUQgEHqUsi http://t.co/PjyEillVBa
LIVE on #Periscope: Sen. Sanders is holding a press conference on the estate tax.
  https://t.co/xRPvLsXSqJ
The Supreme Court recognized the common-sense reading of the #ACA... http://t.co/AByIHoyLC2
Coming up at 11amET Sen. Sanders will live stream his press conference on the estate tax. Watch live via #Periscope at 11. Stay tuned.
Today's news: Sen. Sanders backs voting rights bill, drafts transportation bill: http://t.co/VFRxcm79Rd
Enough is enough! http://t.co/L3Go7AbE5l
We can fix our roads and bridges and put Americans back to work at the same time. http://t.co/TwbTRvnRJn
RT @HuffPostBlog: .@SenSanders: "Corporate greed must end" http://t.co/eDghNxxD8u
NEWS: Sanders backs voting rights bill: http://t.co/kqPSoMa95p
I strongly support the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015. http://t.co/XEojkuPhgD
NEWS: Senate Committee Passes Transportation Bill: http://t.co/SsMLaH7T8u
It is time to bring our neighbors out of the shadows. http://t.co/WZyzLFeIhk
Today's news: Sen. Sanders votes no on trade bill, argues for a path to citizenship for undocumented workers http://t.co/ybskitznvc
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC's @Morning_Joe.
Coming up at 8:30amET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC's @Morning_Joe.
In just a minute Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC's @EdShow.
I’m a deficit hawk when I say we have to ask the wealthiest people and largest corporations to pay their fair share http://t.co/wndfyVmt1K
RT @edshow: ➨ 1 hour to #edshow with @BernieSanders on #FeelTheBern at 5pET/4pCT/3pMT/2pPT on @msnbc! #TeamEdShow http://t.co/3y3OyqKqt9
NOW: Sen. Sanders is talking with @LeslieMarshall today. Listen live at: http://t.co/pgCUhnYDcX
Sen. Sanders will talk with @LeslieMarshall today from 4:06-4:15pmET. Listen live at: http://t.co/pgCUhogeBx
We need a new trade policy that represents working families and not just the big-money interests -Sen. Sanders https://t.co/DEKDFJ54nK
NEWS: Corporate America wins again, Sen. Sanders says http://t.co/dENQwrBdfG
American workers deserve a trade policy that works for them not only for CEOs of major multi-national corporations http://t.co/ex7mVVEFtU
99% of all new income generated today goes to the top 1%... http://t.co/LhSiKQOD72
Today’s news: Sen. Sanders discusses #TPA, poll finds broad support for expanding social security http://t.co/50wwG9HGkI
Sen. Bernie Sanders: Take down the Confederate flag http://t.co/jYF5WsEHOE
Want to intern in Sen. Bernie Sanders office? You can apply here. Deadline is June 26: http://t.co/RSKlzhaMT3
The Confederate flag is a relic of our nation’s stained racial history. It should come down. http://t.co/QxE41wFnqu
I believe that the time is long overdue for the people of SC to remove the confederate flag from the state house grounds in Columbia.
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live here: http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW
It is time to focus on the needs of the young people of our country and not more tax breaks for billionaires http://t.co/SHVw3NJfzQ
If we are prepared to stand up to the big-money interests we can create a nation that works for all Americans http://t.co/HBtHTi4IOM
America has always been a haven for the oppressed. http://t.co/HFtKfto7cZ
.@Pontifex: While the income of a minority is increasing exponentially, that of the majority is crumbling. http://t.co/u0FQjG0Vzk
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty. http://t.co/l72q4KTxKY
Today's news: Sen. Bernie Sanders leads fight to reverse pension cuts...http://t.co/IuirBrnCL9
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.: http://t.co/OSq4g63Huz
We must recognize DREAMers for who they are-American kids who deserve the right to be in the country they call home http://t.co/iuLkEBEd9v
The week in review: Sen. Sanders unveils plan to restore pensions, responds to Charleston killings http://t.co/rQS1tsfcYg
Since 2001, we have lost almost 60,000 factories and millions of decent paying jobs. http://t.co/HstTCrwtbB
Pensions are a promise made to workers and paid for by workers that simply cannot be nullified. https://t.co/UbignTdHm5
Today’s news from Sen. Sanders: Charleston shooting “an act of terror” http://t.co/opKfyxa5HN
The American consumer does not want tomatoes they eat to be picked by workers who are grossly mistreated. http://t.co/Ug595WS3sa
When a promise is made to the working people of this country with respect to their pensions it has got to be kept. http://t.co/kvigDZsAWQ
Sanders' Statement on the Charleston Church Killings: https://t.co/7Ke8TYotWL
NEWS: Sen. Sanders unveils bill to restore retirement security to 10 million retirees http://t.co/K9RBnXWltx
NEWS: Sanders Statement on House Trade Vote: http://t.co/DAJY09BMAK
#TBT to 1998 #climatechange http://t.co/IjsggRDHYa
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: https://t.co/18QmfWSs4J
Coming up at 11:30amET Sen. Sanders will be livestreaming his press conference on pensions via #Periscope.
The Charleston church killings are a tragic reminder of the ugly stain of racism that still taints our nation. http://t.co/3R4zKLqq2q
This senseless violence fills me with outrage, disgust and a deep, deep sadness. http://t.co/31Gy6sgIGK #CharlstonShooting
The Charleston church killings are a tragic reminder of the ugly stain of racism that still taints our nation. http://t.co/31Gy6sgIGK
Pope Francis’ powerful message on #climatechange should become a catalyst for the bold actions needed. http://t.co/YpDSAQMHup
NEWS: Sanders Welcomes Pope Francis’ Moral Message on Climate Change: http://t.co/qXnTeEPKM9 #LaudatoSi
Millions of seniors every day have to juggle their ability to buy food, buy medicine or keep themselves warm. http://t.co/PzeHRdddLS
Must Read: The Many Faces of Living With Debt in America -@RosenbergTennis @Slate: http://t.co/tPpZ5mAL2t http://t.co/Y3JqZ4MG06
.@Neilyoung: http://t.co/0YD8cDpr0m
My bill would help states and local government employ 1 million youth from ages 16 to 24.  #YouthJobs http://t.co/pTLLCgCyvi
Sen. Bernie Sanders addresses the youth unemployment crisis in America, proposes youth jobs bill: http://t.co/Wg5nzcAkSw
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/5hzH5dcBEr
A nation is judged by how it cares for its most vulnerable including the elderly and children. -Sen. Sanders: http://t.co/rGQYsEbgrb
20 percent of seniors live on an average income of $7,600 a year.
Nearly 4 million seniors are “food insecure” – that means they do not know where their next meal is coming from.
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live: http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW
If the minimum wage had kept pace with productivity, it would be more than $16 per hour today. http://t.co/9fSGfYSUWr
We need a rational immigration process with a path to citizenship. http://t.co/NLgSGKjgph
Too many people are subjected to a system that treats citizens who have not committed crimes like criminals http://t.co/S1TLsQDxAV
Today’s News from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/nKHvoCxcoG
Anyone who looks at history understands our trade policies have been a disaster for American workers. -Sen. Sanders http://t.co/WFmNcnqC5Z
It is not acceptable that millions of seniors in this country are living in poverty. http://t.co/BwBGOSYBxx
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC's @EdShow.
Coming up at 5pmET: Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC's @EdShow.
NEWS: Millions of Seniors Go Hungry, GAO Finds: http://t.co/NLsRfD7Lty
Nearly 4 million seniors (more than 1 in 5) go hungry, GAO finds: http://t.co/rGQYsEbgrb
Enough is enough! http://t.co/9mX8QwS4Cg
Today’s news from Sen. Bernie Sanders: http://t.co/vnNGsUn9sJ
The war on the middle class - Sen. Bernie Sanders, @BostonGlobe: http://t.co/NR4j0H716b
Watch Sen. Bernie Sanders on @FaceTheNation this morning. Check your local listings http://t.co/jz3TyvMtsH
.@Pontifex: http://t.co/DTJTWeyctJ
The economy must work for all people, not just the one percent. http://t.co/NwBVnhQNfU
Must read: "The war on the middle class must end"- Sen. Sanders @BostonGlobe http://t.co/8eKEwqL4Jb
Watch Sen. Sanders this Sunday on @FaceTheNation http://t.co/GxE0wTzKTR
Today's news from Sen. Sanders: the House votes on trade, the war on the middle-class and more http://t.co/I4PZ6EKjqt
The Week in Review: Sanders details his family values agenda... http://t.co/FeS1ZiYWZw
RT @GlobeOpinion: .@SenSanders: Corporate greed must end, and we must end the war on the middle class #uspoli http://t.co/Zu0zhnuWCc http:/…
It’s time to raise the minimum wage so that a minimum-wage job will lift a person out of poverty not keep them in it http://t.co/BcYQ6rGvEo
NEWS: Sanders applauds House for #TPA vote: http://t.co/A030idr0y1
Trade agreements have got to benefit the working families of our country. #TPA #TPP http://t.co/JKTOtUHQM2
The billionaires, and their super-PACs, increasingly control the American political process. This is not democracy. http://t.co/FwKf1mW2aq
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders: http://t.co/5eNAYdWZuG
It is time that we showed the people of this country that we are not just a nation that talks about family values. http://t.co/LNzHvLzEmw
A nation is judged morally not by the number of billionaires it has but by how it treats its most vulnerable people. http://t.co/0EhonM9l1N
Bernie Sanders announces his Family Values Agenda: http://t.co/gK0Ic746Vo
The “real” unemployment is 10.8%. We need to put millions of unemployed workers back to work. http://t.co/ETPTSm9UXi
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/KH2mFVtxJl
Must Read: Secretive donors gave US climate denial groups $125m over three years- @suzyji @HelenaBengtsson: http://t.co/yPrbb51vDQ
Higher education must be a right for all - not just wealthy families. http://t.co/SYvUmK7tuM
My fear is that we will learn nothing from the war in Iraq. -Sen. Sanders on the @DRShow now: http://t.co/zPdiNHPWVm
NOW: Sen. Sanders is answering questions on the @DRShow. Listen live here: http://t.co/zPdiNI7xMU
NOW: Sen. Sanders is on the air talking with @DRShow. Listen live: http://t.co/uljdP0zNUT http://t.co/4euzHyMbdq
RT @drshow: It's @SenSanders day. What should we ask? http://t.co/fW4DOjU2zL
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/fbbLvyReF7
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live here: http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now. http://t.co/EWkT1TnrXq
RT @drshow: Big news: @SenSanders is on Wednesday's first hour. Don't miss it: http://t.co/fW4DOjU2zL http://t.co/no1KleaYAv
We Lock Up Tons of Innocent People-and Charge Them for the Privilege -@AJVicens, @MotherJones: http://t.co/22UyOoaaez http://t.co/unqmM641Rr
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/jAfneEyOMG
We cannot turn our backs on this national tragedy. http://t.co/qrceGW88n2
NEWS: Youth Unemployment: A National Tragedy: http://t.co/PKXDLuQeRE
Either elected officials respond to the needs and views of an involved electorate, or they don't remain elected. http://t.co/6Dao7xGTmM
74% of Americans believe that large corporations have too much influence on American life and politics. http://t.co/viEBRvvvgy
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/fzItNDJsXb
68% of Americans favor raising taxes on the rich: http://t.co/m51uXukVBV
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/kk8ddkFkw5
The Week in Review: http://t.co/vxnYW1tsWP
From noon-1pmET Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: http://t.co/i65zfLDNsw
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/hg04zhVYWw
Bernie Sanders: Let's Spend $5.5 Billion to Employ 1 Million Young People: http://t.co/Cg1ZmKboS5
We cannot continue to ignore the crisis of youth unemployment in America. http://t.co/1WIPleYFlD
We cannot continue to ignore the crisis of youth unemployment in America. http://t.co/jdmNC2GHDS
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @CNN talking with @WolfBlitzer.
Coming up at 1:10pmET: Sen. Sanders will be on @CNN talking with @WolfBlitzer.
NEWS: Sanders and Conyers Propose Youth Jobs Bill: http://t.co/1WIPleH4u5
LIVE on #Periscope: Sen. Sanders discusses his youth jobs bill https://t.co/Mwfi3IpbZl
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is at the @HOPE_ProjectDC to discuss his bill to expand youth job opportunities.
Health care must be a right, not a privilege. http://t.co/cdetTsI9AQ
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/HLnyUZCUCa
Coming up at 11am: Sen. Sanders will be at the @HOPE_ProjectDC to discuss his bill to expand youth job opportunities.
More than half of all American households with someone 55 or older have no retirement savings. http://t.co/5VJVq85xfF
Tomorrow at 11am Sen. Bernie Sanders will be at the @HOPE_ProjectDC to discuss his bill to expand youth job opportunities.
Fighting for American Workers: https://t.co/ttZLiZusV3
NEWS: Sen. Sanders to Gov. Bush: ‘No, We Will Not Cut Social Security!’: http://t.co/EKotxaJhzI #SocialSecurity
2002 Flashback Video: Bernie Sanders Opposes Iraq War: https://t.co/e0UFJ9UxqH
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking at  @JohnsHopkins. Watch live: http://t.co/enbWTVrJVe
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/c4MBjhJiDu
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC talking with Rachel @Maddow.
Coming up at 9pmET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC talking with Rachel @Maddow.
That is not the kind of free society I want for our children. #NSA #PatriotAct http://t.co/Yau3HQMPqs
NEWS: Half of Older Households Have No Retirement Savings: http://t.co/maCL5uxgKZ
All Americans are entitled to live health and decent lives. http://t.co/VGNVjNFZN2
Sanders Speaks out on NSA Spying: https://t.co/hNTLSOWKz3 #NSA #PatriotAct
RT @katiecouric: ICYMI: I spoke w/ @SenSanders yesterday about the USA Freedom Act: http://t.co/YxzozIamDy
NEWS: Sanders Opposes Domestic Spying Bill: http://t.co/qAZUzplWUI #NSA #PatriotAct
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC talking with @MitchellReports.
Coming up at 12:15pmET Sen. Sanders will be on @MSNBC talking with @MitchellReports.
New Data Offer First Infuriating Glimpse At How The Richest 0.001 Percent Pay Income Taxes - @PykeA @thinkprogress: http://t.co/fS7DNGgNM4
Do you know why millions of our people are stressed out? http://t.co/uAkULcgzy5
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/fd0PjYIzcX
We need a political revolution. http://t.co/BPqNiCfvhA
http://t.co/kWM4Mid5d4
Poverty among senior citizens is increasing... http://t.co/VNK99lzwGI
RT @YahooNews: .@SenSanders tells @katiecouric "We have far, far, far too many people in jail for non-violent crimes"
RT @YahooPolitics: . @SenSanders just told @KatieCouric that he will vote against the USA Freedom Act http://t.co/rhaY4Qo2wx #YahooLive
RT @YahooNews: Watch live: @katiecouric interviews presidential candidate @sensanders http://t.co/yEk61jtBLY
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @YahooNews talking with @KatieCouric. Watch live: https://t.co/u0nFFFpf8f
RT @YahooTopNews: Live at 3 p.m. ET: Bernie Sanders talks to Katie Couric http://t.co/1TNu70HPsy http://t.co/EDfPWmgalZ
Coming up at 3pmET Sen. Sanders will be on @YahooNews talking with @KatieCouric. Watch live: https://t.co/u0nFFFpf8f
RT @katiecouric: LIVE at 3pm: I'm speaking with @SenSanders: What questions would you like me to ask? Tweet me using #AskYahooNews! http://…
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/C0zVjUu143
Jane and I send our condolences to the Bidens during this difficult time. -B http://t.co/JfIzhZSM8G
.@Pontifex: http://t.co/5rWTt5ehoq
This morning Sen. Bernie Sanders will be on @NBC's @MeetthePress. Check local listings. #MTP
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/f77sjUrXuS
..the full promise of equality... http://t.co/ofFuzrUIJb
NEWS: Sanders Welcomes Postal Service Decision to Back Off Plans to Close Plants This Year: http://t.co/V3jW7SeLTA #USPS
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/NS69oW97gu
Watch Sen. Sanders this Sunday on @MeetthePress. #MTP http://t.co/jnvZDQItjf
The Week in Review: http://t.co/Ydm8rY156H
Sanders Fights Rising Drug Prices: http://t.co/VwqjVr0fmJ
This is a major step forward in rebuilding our relationship with Cuba. http://t.co/rWCkkqyqZB #Cuba
Here's How You Add 2.4 Million Jobs to the Economy - @PeterGosselin, @BGov: http://t.co/vp1csvjQFp
It is time for trade deals that create jobs in America, not in China. http://t.co/OvYgqFAkuX
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/I0FOe20Scc
It is absurd... http://t.co/b6S0DOH2OB
#TBT Bernie Sanders, then chairman of the CORE social action committee, speaks at a sit-in at @UChicago in 1962. http://t.co/QtY6FEZUQL
That is not a moral society. It must change. http://t.co/PiNJEdPMuw
Must Read: Can We Finally Treat Food Workers Fairly? - @Bittman, @NYTimes: http://t.co/amWSa52oBS
Democracy vs. Oligarchy http://t.co/K6VAowX3kY
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/BFoi5B1ZbF
It is better to show up than to give up. http://t.co/pxTsiWZuYS
Do we think it's moral? http://t.co/cjMkvGtl4w
Democracy is not for sale. http://t.co/pBmpmiUVcf
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/C5k5iy7M7i
...wounded in body, wounded in spirit... http://t.co/tjfL3Elqhp
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/YMDvuHkR88
.@CornelWest: http://t.co/PNWX8eX0mT
Must Read: Pope’s Focus on Poor Revives Scorned Theology - @NYTimes: http://t.co/dJH5vap0TR
.@Pontifex: http://t.co/hVjC78PMw4
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/zhkFZ4XKaP
Sanders Marks Memorial Day: http://t.co/VmXm6Ra1Aw
Protecting our environment is not a radical idea. http://t.co/a76BNjQKmc
An Orwellian society... http://t.co/K0xFI9NOHR
We must revolutionize our nation's higher education system. http://t.co/qfJJptxl2N
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Senate Vote on Job-Killing Trade Bill: http://t.co/lfqbLKD58n
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/93pmT1FhU7
The Week in Review: http://t.co/8f1TSqLbV2
Protect Our Privacy: https://t.co/4Li0f1TUCC
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the #Senate floor. Watch live: http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW
#TPP http://t.co/BG0bDyEogi
Today virtually no piece of legislation... http://t.co/K5b7kSf1Pg
He was right. http://t.co/E9LeFyTBsF
NOW: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann show. Watch live: http://t.co/i65zfLVok4 or call in: 202-536-2370
From noon-1pmET Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann show. Watch live: http://t.co/i65zfLVok4 or call in: 202-536-2370
Everyone in this country deserves a minimum standard of living. http://t.co/8hqIPTO8oS
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/s58tZOtUXW
VIDEO: Sen. Sanders talks with @ChrisLHayes about the #TPP: https://t.co/vVEN4CFMft #stopfasttrack #nofasttrack
Today's EXTRA news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/G0lwDptQ4Q
Make College Tuition-Free: http://t.co/0jlvagq7Us http://t.co/LjGDVR1fFY
#TBT In 1993, Sen. Sanders debated @SpeakerBoehner over single-payer health care: http://t.co/bFCaOFjaQb http://t.co/GVS5xHfIHg
11 moments from Bernie Sanders's @Reddit_AMA - @mattyglesias, @voxdotcom:  http://t.co/RxuGepuBRI
Senate Votes on Job-Killing Trade Bill: http://t.co/xgrIHtoOr2 #TPP #FastTrack http://t.co/EmKoH0Kni0
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Senate Vote on Job-Killing Trade Bill: http://t.co/4grMukl3T1 #TPP #FastTrack
The TPP Must Be Defeated: http://t.co/Vk0QKtXVd5 #TPP
We must make this stop. http://t.co/ZHPMlX6zHQ
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/BJGVUS5vqp
Do you believe the federal government should do more to make college affordable for everyone? http://t.co/0WttzQSqdg
NEWS: After 5 Big Banks Plead Guilty to Crimes, Sanders Says Wall Street Business Model is Fraud: http://t.co/g14bW7NsPd
If people work 40 hours a week, they deserve not to live in dire poverty. #LA #RaisetheWageLA http://t.co/PJwN7PyY4u
NEWS: Sanders Applauds LA Vote to Raise Minimum Wage: http://t.co/csFeDvtUdM #LosAngeles #RaisetheWageLA
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/B2PYRtOOxk
NOW: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC talking about his education bill to make tuition free at public colleges and universities.
Coming up at 5:10pmET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC's @EdShow.
VIDEO: Make College Tuition-Free: https://t.co/aW60NWXMtf
Make College Tuition-Free: http://t.co/0jlvagq7Us
It is time for a fundamental change in how we approach the financing of higher education... http://t.co/fWbcbCvssr
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #CNN talking with @WolfBlitzer.
Coming up at 1:30pmET Sen. Sanders will be on #CNN talking with @WolfBlitzer.
Bill Clinton promised hope for this Tennessee town. It’s still waiting. - @WashingtonPost: http://t.co/86m46z2AEZ
NEWS: Sanders: Make College Tuition-Free: http://t.co/epwipW6h1y
LIVE on #Periscope: Sen. Bernie Sanders is announcing his bill to make 4-year public colleges/universities tuition … https://t.co/cD9AtMsUDQ
It's Official: The Class of 2015 Has the Most Student Loan Debt in History - @ZeeshanAleem, @MicNews:  http://t.co/pJxf4rDjxf
Coming up at 11:30amET Sen. Sanders will livestream a press conf via #Periscope where he'll announce his new education bill.
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/2ZAq6PX6d2
At a time when the richest 85 people in the world own more wealth than the bottom 3 billion... http://t.co/CiWucXRMXl
Sanders Fights Rising Drug Prices: http://t.co/VwqjVqIEvb
Must Read: Perils in Trade Deals When Factories Close and Towns Struggle: http://t.co/yTGSqOA4du
NEWS: Sanders, Cummings File Bill on Rising Rx Prices: http://t.co/WBQGWR5XPO
President Franklin D. Roosevelt: http://t.co/P0cutUNH30
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/s3OyNHcpDR
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/LZJL6ZibHm
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/2FvfHkBGBl
The Week in Review: http://t.co/B2vujhm2aY
Maybe it's time to get our priorities right. http://t.co/1QUpjcSV10
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/PnnkyzkZl2
Sanders to Senate: No on TPP: https://t.co/fKa6zcUBrv
.@RichardTrumka: http://t.co/9D4Ln5HLth
NEWS: Sanders: No to Job-Killing Trade Bill: http://t.co/dhfSxv3oQI #TPP
.@RBReich on the #TPP: http://t.co/aYBEXFIfT8
Happening now: Sen. Sanders speaking on the #Senate floor: http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW
The war in Iraq was one of the biggest foreign policy mistakes in modern history. http://t.co/mmIhXts0N5
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/L1XpZguzkL
This week Sen. Bernie Sanders held a discussion on the budget in Charlottesville, VA: https://t.co/p7SC7EHcut
Three Times More Americans Are Spending $100,000-Plus on Prescription Drugs - @maggiemfox, @NBCNewshealth:  http://t.co/W9SzCCsOYl
VA Should Acquire Life-Saving Hep-C Drug: https://t.co/o55TYNHZVi
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/rwOTZCc5FU
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @BloombergTV.
RT @BloombergPhotos: .@SenSanders is coming up on #WADR 5pm ET on @bpolitics @BloombergTV http://t.co/r9ZWMjxmSf
VIDEO: Sen. Sanders spoke today on the Senate floor about why we must stop the #TPP: https://t.co/blQymb1GIG
Coming up at 5pmET Sen. Sanders will be on @BloombergTV.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Senate Vote on Trade Deal: http://t.co/GvCfVLjdxh #TPP
Ripping off U.S. customers on their phone bills must not be an acceptable business model. #FCC #Verizon #Sprint http://t.co/2JgzsbxeJz
NEWS: ‘They Were Wrong Then. They’re Wrong Now,’ Sanders Says of Trade Deal Backers: http://t.co/zxHmXnprYz #TPP
We must rebuild American manufacturing and rewrite our trade agreements so that our largest export is not our jobs. #TPP
@Nike does not employ a single manufacturing worker who makes shoes in the United States.
.@Nike epitomizes why disastrous unfettered free trade policies during the past four decades have failed American workers.
100% of the shoes that are sold by @Nike are made overseas in low-wage countries.
The trade deficit with China has increased from $83 billion in 2001 to a record-breaking $342 billion in 2014. #TPP
Watch Sen. Sanders on the Senate floor here: http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW
According to @EconomicPolicy, NAFTA has led to the loss of more than 680,000 US jobs.
.@McConnellPress talking about NAFTA in 1993: "American firms will not move to Mexico just for lower wages."
.@Heritage in 1993: “Virtually all economists agree that NAFTA will produce a net increase of U.S. jobs over the next decade.”
Clinton on #NAFTA: http://t.co/1whyv3i0C9
Why are we in a race to the bottom with other low wage countries like China, Mexico, and India?
Why does it happen that new manufacturing jobs created in this country pay in some cases half what manufacturing jobs used to pay?
How did it happen that since 2001, we have lost in America, nearly 60,000 factories and millions of decent-paying jobs?
Why does it happen that most of the new jobs being created today in America are part-time, low wage jobs?
RT @cspan: .@SenSanders on #Trade Promotion Authority - LIVE on C-SPAN2 http://t.co/L8YlTVEYfP #TPA http://t.co/syO4VC6oRa
Why is it that millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages while a handful of billionaires do unbelievably well?
Sen. Sanders is on the #Senate floor opposing the Fast Track bill for the Trans-Pacific Partnership. http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW #TPP
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live here: http://t.co/gX0wLvL1dm
Coming up at 12:15pmET Sen. Sanders will be speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live here: http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW
NEWS: Sanders Urges VA to Use Emergency Powers to Save Lives of Veterans with Liver Disease: http://t.co/sLgXQsY4UX #Veterans
Must Read: Banks brace for Bernie Sanders: http://t.co/02nupGef21
Greed, Recklessness and Illegal Behavior: http://t.co/u2DPO3N7aW
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/NJWSXe7Ljc
LIVE on #Periscope: Sen. Bernie Sanders is holding a discussion on U.S. budget priorities.  https://t.co/45QeK6XhTJ
Stop the TPP: https://t.co/O965KNREsY #TPP
...the best customer of American industry is the well-paid worker. - FDR http://t.co/fXVpZTJbBY
Tonight at 6:30pmET Sen. Sanders will be holding a discussion on the budget in #Charlottesville, VA. Watch live via #Periscope.
RT @mitchellreports: .@SenSanders: 'We need new approaches to trade that creates jobs in America, not China.' -#AMR staff
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC talking with @MitchellReports about the #TPP.
Coming up at 12:10pmET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC talking with @MitchellReports about the #TPP.
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/TRmMBwdhqv
We must end our disastrous trade policies... #TPP http://t.co/EIxKpjKcVZ
Expand #SocialSecurity: http://t.co/X9X4VfzuRV
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/EequnsbrdV
Bruce @Springsteen: http://t.co/X9VQOXe6Td
Coming up at 5pmET: Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC's @EdShow.
Stop the #TPP http://t.co/l5fiw8cf5Q
Watch Sen. Sanders this Sunday on @CBSNews' @FaceTheNation with @BobSchieffer. http://t.co/qJ55OY1YiC
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/jvwkIwkUrs
Just Don't Do It: https://t.co/By1XKKVG66 #TPP
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Obama at Nike HQ: http://t.co/FbAKfzKkeZ
The Week in Review: http://t.co/QsnPhuwQmB
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC's @EdShow.
Sen. Bernie Sanders, 1989 and 2015: http://t.co/FfVzNWGouI
This is what oligarchy looks like. http://t.co/snSJCfspr9
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is answering calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program: https://t.co/7SWXjyr4pt
NOW: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: http://t.co/i65zfLVok4
RT @Thom_Hartmann: Coming up at Noon ET! It's Brunch w/ @SenSanders! Get your questions ready! http://t.co/0fX4Y9EeaX 202-536-3270 #FSTV #T…
From noon - 1pmET Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: http://t.co/i65zfLVok4
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/4hMD63lDmN
It’s Time To End Orwellian Surveillance of Every American - Sen. Sanders, @TIME: http://t.co/mHJRt8xwPf
Half of the American people have less than $10,000 in savings and have no idea how they will retire with dignity. http://t.co/xJ6LaciH4P
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Senate Passage of Iran Legislation: http://t.co/lpum0uCk4u
Just Don't Do It: http://t.co/dDCcu5rBZT #Nike #TPP http://t.co/uUenJTRyoc
NEWS: Sanders Welcomes Court Ruling on NSA: http://t.co/w6saA44ZoQ
Break Up Big Banks - Sen. Sanders, @HuffingtonPost: http://t.co/xJ6LaciH4P
#TBT Sen. Bernie Sanders on @CSpan in 1989: https://t.co/mTpdnZpiJ1
In my view, the NSA is out of control and operating in an unconstitutional manner. #NSA http://t.co/doviLQRT8a
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/FGztMq5Zdc
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC talking with @ChrisLHayes.
Coming up at 8:15pmET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC talking with @ChrisLHayes.
NEWS: Just Don’t Do It, Sanders Urges Obama on Nike Trip: http://t.co/2oMIXupNpy
Sanders Files Bill to Break Up Big Banks: http://t.co/Iw7WAtGZPx http://t.co/2ibpZqz0xH
NEWS: Sanders Files Bill to Break Up Big Banks: http://t.co/Iw7WAtGZPx
LIVE on #Periscope: Sen. Sanders is introducing his bill to break up big banks. https://t.co/NUuz058Fv8
.@Pontifex: http://t.co/f5FvG2qC16
President Franklin D. Roosevelt, 1936: http://t.co/OSIZWqZlzP
NOW: Sen. Sanders is on @CNN talking with @ChrisCuomo.
Coming up at 8:30amET: Sen. Sanders will be on @CNN talking with @ChrisCuomo.
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/ZCesbKTZM7
RT @SenateBudget: At budget town hall @SenSanders talking about how corporate profit soaring yet workers struggling @IBEW #fairshot http://…
LIVE: Sen. Sanders is holding a town hall meeting in Lanham, MD: https://t.co/pFPmRIwJ5N #Periscope
Tomorrow morning at 8:30amET Sen. Sanders will be on @CNN talking with @ChrisCuomo.
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC's @Hardball talking with @Hardball_Chris.
LIVE on #Periscope https://t.co/pFPmRIwJ5N
Coming up at 7pmET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC's @Hardball talking with @Hardball_Chris.
NEWS: Senate Budget Throws 27 Million Off Health Insurance: http://t.co/9XWfUAVNBp
RT @SenateBudget: Right now @SenSanders laying out all reasons why #Republican #fy16 budget is terrible for Americans http://t.co/J2KgnJjB5z
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking about the budget on the #Senate floor. Watch live here: http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW
The Disastrous Republican Budget: https://t.co/NmtZNdn9Yf
Democracy is not for sale: http://t.co/56X8eoCeJt
Under the Republican budget, nearly half a million families would be kicked off of the Section 8 affordable housing program.
At a time when real unemployment is 10.9%, the GOP budget cuts job training and employment services for more than 2 million Americans.
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking about the budget on the #Senate floor. Watch live here: http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/JwfcmS2FZM
Join Sen. Sanders tomorrow for a discussion about the budget and our national priorities. Info here: https://t.co/uXSUuDCWpI
The economic questions of our time: http://t.co/vX2NkMEs7L
I want candidates to debate the real issues facing our country, not spend millions on negative 30-second ads. http://t.co/V4TDnamVAE
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/JsrYYoNHd9
Coming up: Sen. Sanders will talk with @GStephanopoulos on @ThisWeekABC.
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/VvgYafd2Ze
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/a2Gi8jmQ2V
The Week in Review: http://t.co/PQ0lmrHVem
Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann show. Watch live: https://t.co/G2cbyPzpuM or call: 202-536-2370
NOW: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann show. Watch live: https://t.co/G2cbyPR0Tm or call: 202-536-2370
From noon-1pmET Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann show. Watch live here at noon: http://t.co/i65zfLDNsw
It is better to show up than to give up. http://t.co/Jq4b983AWM
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/M7M0ce4Mhn
Sen. Bernie Sanders, 1985. #ThrowbackThursday #TBT http://t.co/opDgK7fpwG
Coming up at 5pmET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC's @EdShow.
Sen. Sanders speaks out on #Baltimore protests: https://t.co/MSEADlKqJu
#TBT In 2010 Sen. Sanders spoke for nearly 9 hours against a budget that hurt working families and favored the rich: https://t.co/nxVhBYw7Hp
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is holding a press conference outside the Capitol. Watch live: http://t.co/Vn7neFq2oV
LIVE on #Periscope: Sen. Bernie Sanders is speaking about his agenda for America. https://t.co/4U4HdSHmie
Coming up at noon: Sen. Sanders will be holding a press conference on his agenda for America. Watch live here via #Periscope.
RT @benjamin_oc: FYI: @SenSanders 12p ET news conference will stream live here: http://t.co/cIBqMYbxN1
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on the @BPShow. Watch live here: https://t.co/bUrPKg3GHz
Coming up at 8:45amET Sen. Sanders will be on the air talking with @BPShow. Watch live here: https://t.co/bUrPKg3GHz
#TBT Sen. Bernie Sanders, 1987: http://t.co/dX8LjJdKAI
Every candidate for president must answer the following questions: http://t.co/7tZnpR3MKg
This is truly unbelievable... http://t.co/ZRS55EG5VO
The PM news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/guYfoOTQBm
A strong grass roots movement... http://t.co/X7zyf3NoOp
The same old Republican ideas... http://t.co/gOLjZtBk3K
Every candidate for president must answer the following questions: http://t.co/hYrqQwocyV
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/qhLuvDpdvD
Every candidate for president has got to answer one simple question: http://t.co/LzwpbjodIj
LIVE on #Periscope: Sen. Bernie Sanders is holding a town hall meeting at @HowardU.  https://t.co/SkV8KvTPDC
Do you think businesses should be allowed to refuse service to gays and lesbians? Weigh in here: http://t.co/VMyOJh2wRM #LoveCantWait
Do you support or oppose allowing same-sex couples to get married? Weigh in here: http://t.co/VMyOJh2wRM #SCOTUSmarriage
Join Sen. Bernie Sanders tonight for a town hall meeting at @HowardU. More info here: https://t.co/zRdGyl3K5t
NEWS: Sanders on Gay Marriage: ‘Time for Supreme Court to Catch Up to the American People’: http://t.co/6vZgq71GoM #SCOTUSmarriage
Supreme Court Hears Gay Marriage Cases: http://t.co/dRarI05BKp #SCOTUSmarriage
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/mEMNK4ld5r
Sanders to state governors: The Republican budget moves this country in exactly the wrong direction: http://t.co/llTVRYEPf1
NEWS: Sanders Warns Governors About Devastating Budget Cuts: http://t.co/llTVRYEPf1
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/w7cYO3CcTY
Our trade deficit with China has increased from $83 billion in 2001 to a record breaking $342 billion in 2014. http://t.co/dhu0ZgCnBj
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/cFtcwMsWnF
The Week in Review: http://t.co/rm8aZWot0K
Share this post and join the fight. #TPP #NoFastTrack http://t.co/iSUQ3RJ2zw
America's railroads were once the envy of the world. http://t.co/xtkNLVRYAA
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/tLupfOQIXm
RT @VermontPBS: LIVE: @SenSanders is taking your Q's. Watch on air or online:  http://t.co/0zTj6ZQIL9
#vtpoli
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC's @EdShow.
Coming up at 5:15pmET: Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC's @EdShow.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Loretta Lynch Confirmation: http://t.co/UCIBa9YSmp #LorettaLynch
Sen. Bernie Sanders advises @Patriots Head Coach Bill Belichick on how New England can repeat as @SuperBowl champs. http://t.co/pAiplcTVw8
.@EconomicPolicy estimates that #NAFTA has led to the loss of more than 680,000 US jobs. #TPP #NoFastTrack
.@EconomicPolicy estimated that Permanent Normal Trade Relations with China led to the net loss of over 2.7 million American jobs. #TPP
NEWS: Unfair Trade Deal Would Exploit Foreign Workers and Cost American Jobs, Sanders Says: http://t.co/YatqHLXaiF #TPP
Every candidate running for president has got to answer the following very simple question: http://t.co/Uwe9P9Juu7
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking against the #TPP on the #Senate floor. Watch live: http://t.co/gX0wLw2CBW
RT @SenateBudget: "Why in God's name would we go forward with another bad trade deal," says @SenSanders on Senate floor, re broken promises…
Almost every week Sen. Sanders takes 1 hour to answer calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch here: https://t.co/7CaX3CNl2E
Must Read: Big Tobacco puts countries on trial as concerns over TTIP deals mount - @ArmitageJim, @Independent: http://t.co/TS6l8mNGyU
Want to talk to Sen. Sanders? Call him up on the @Thom_Hartmann program now: 202-536-3270 Watch live: https://t.co/7CaX3CNl2E
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: http://t.co/i65zfLVok4
RT @SSWorks: .@SenSanders makes the case for expanding #SocialSecurity and increasing benefits: http://t.co/VyVrRlcAOp  #p2 http://t.co/MST…
From noon-1pmET Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: http://t.co/i65zfLDNsw
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/A55Vmrcip9
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @77WABCradio talking with @JrzyJoePiscopo. Watch live here: http://t.co/buEUiI42UB #NY #NewYork
Coming up at 7:25amET: Sen. Sanders will be on @77WABCradio talking with @JrzyJoePiscopo. Watch live: http://t.co/buEUiI42UB #NY #NewYork
LIVE: Sen. Sanders is holding a town hall meeting. Watch live here: https://t.co/3dxiq7HfP0 http://t.co/mJQfkzqW2W
LIVE on #Periscope: Sen. Bernie Sanders is holding a town hall meeting on the U.S. budget priorities.  https://t.co/3dxiq7HfP0
Stay tuned. Tonight at 6:30pmET Sen. Sanders will live stream a town hall meeting via #Periscope.
RT @350: The last thing the earth need on Earth Day is a trade deal like TPP that would make pollution more profitable: http://t.co/OzAeCdn…
Tonight at 6:30pmET Sen. Sanders will be holding a town hall meeting in #WashingtonDC. More info here: https://t.co/ybjuwuxu0e
RT @_under_current: New video - @SenSanders: Special Interests Have Written All Our Trade Deals  #TPP #StopFastTrack http://t.co/8AvlL0lTp5
Must Read: I am a cook in the US Senate but I still need food stamps to feed my children- Betrand Olotara, @Guardian: http://t.co/UudCPFXGZt
Republicans Want to Take America in the Wrong Direction: https://t.co/9sFB8B3KZU
I want to applaud those workers rallying to #RaisetheWage to $15 per hour today. #FightFor15 http://t.co/zUCi2qzSvE
We need the best educated workforce in the world. http://t.co/ILAW1xHvy6
Federal Workers Rallying for Better Pay: https://t.co/B8JVb9qw18 #FightFor15 #RaiseTheWage
NEWS: Sanders: Slow Down Fast Track: http://t.co/ppcqIg6F5t #TPP #NoFastTrack
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the #Senate floor about his opposition to the #TPP: http://t.co/9cbZxJTBZr #NoFastTrack
NEWS: Sanders Introduces the End Polluter Welfare Act: http://t.co/0by5SQjQJ8 #EarthDay
RT @GoodJobsNation: #BREAKING: @SenSanders announces he will #Fightfor15 &amp; Union Executive Order! http://t.co/iAGHBUAwJk
RT @USProgressives: CPC member @SenSanders stands with workers asking for #15andaUnion http://t.co/zHVAb3QscM
RT @TheActionNet: .@SenSanders stands with @GoodJobsNation: "Every worker needs a wage that allows them to raise a family" #FightFor15 http…
RT @bridgetbhc: Sen. Bernie Sanders joins federal contract workers striking in front of the Capitol http://t.co/iKTjsODjdo
RT @ProgCongress: "If your work 40 hrs/wk you should be able to support your family" #FightFor15 @SenSanders http://t.co/iTBKsRJWQl
Are any of the Republican candidates willing to take on the Koch brothers? http://t.co/rZCPWH2ZTZ
LIVE on #Periscope: Sen. Bernie Sanders is rallying outside the @USCapitol with low-wage works who have walked off … https://t.co/nUiF5PvGaa
We must act NOW. #EarthDay http://t.co/5jdFuWFQeT
RT @SenateBudget: Massive crowd forming to attend unprecedented rally w @SenSanders to protest low wages paid to federal workers http://t.c…
NEWS: White House GOP Hopefuls Should Renounce Senate Budget’s Tax Breaks for Rich: http://t.co/WluYuUhpfP
Give Loretta Lynch a Vote: https://t.co/nMjcn9xb2g
Another Disastrous Trade Agreement - Sen. Bernie Sanders, @USNews: http://t.co/EzkIkF12wp #TPP #NoFastTrack
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/genFzW9yWe
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC talking with @TheRevAl.
Coming up at 6pmET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC talking with @TheRevAl.
Take the Poll on the Trans-Pacific Partnership: http://t.co/0C16aj7Q32? #TPP #NoFastTrack
RT @SenateBudget: The #Republicanparty budget from @Senate_GOPs @HouseGOP is "exactly the wrong direction" says @SenSanders http://t.co/f73…
RT @vanessasadsad: "The very least we can say is that no one goes hungry" - Sen. Bernie Sanders #Budget #FundTheFuture #PellGrants http://t…
RT if you think the #TPP should be stopped. #NoFastTrack http://t.co/yB1oTWLC1f
Sanders, Labor Leaders Protest Job-Killing Trade Deal: http://t.co/aU8ILojwIK #TPP #StopFastTrack http://t.co/5foNpk4Oc6
RT @SenateBudget: Right now @SenSanders is rallying with labor leaders but at 3 pm he'll be leading challenge at budget conference http://t…
RT @northwestbronx: That's right! @SenSanders is a friend of the NW Bronx! #PeoplePlanet1st #Populism2015 #NoTPP http://t.co/PmzuCsOO1C
RT @scaKS: "TPP will be a disaster for America" @SenSanders @NPAction #Populism2015 #PeoplePlanet1st http://t.co/BIZzfQkKPX
RT @DarrenShiroma: .@SenSanders w/ @CWAUnion President Larry Cohen #NoFastTrack rally @AFLCIO in DC. #NOFastTrack #StopTPP #1u http://t.co/…
RT @amayajsmith: The dynamic duo against fast track and bad trade deals.  @RichardTrumka @sensanders #stopfasttrack http://t.co/nMC5Yv7A2A
RT @AFLCIO: .@SenSanders stands with us against #FastTrack #StopFastTrack #populism2015 http://t.co/SQB0oDCXe0
NEWS: Sanders, Labor Leaders to Protest Disastrous Trade Deal: http://t.co/OHIa5RwA96 #TPP
This is what income inequality means in America: http://t.co/Mg3sWbVbUJ
This is the agenda of the billionaire class. #NHGOP #NewHampshire http://t.co/UpDGTkApgt
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/MzJlaaIpIT
And what do Republican governors like @GovSamBrownback of #Kansas do? http://t.co/HveJvvj8hV
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @FoxNewsSunday.
Coming up at 9amET Sen. Sanders will be on @FoxNewsSunday.
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/5KEZKeo5de
.@Pontifex: http://t.co/ffNYGBmzNm
Watch Sen. Bernie Sanders tomorrow morning at 9amET on @FoxNewsSunday. http://t.co/he7XCdyqK9
"Family values" #NHGOP http://t.co/S5BYFKMpxi
TPP: Wall Street Wins, Workers Lose: https://t.co/APqnHg1Ypi
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/1ytqp331Jw
It is time that corporate America created jobs in this country, not low-wage countries abroad. #TPP http://t.co/xTu7d0NHHm
The Week in Review: http://t.co/5RbBy3qVh9
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC's @EdShow.
PM Extra news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/ik27glwQLr
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is answering questions on @HuffPostLive. Watch live: http://t.co/Rlb3eJ9v7U
Coming up at 5pmET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC's @EdShow.
NEWS: Clinton, Other White House Hopefuls Should Reject Job-Killing Trade Deal, Sanders Says: http://t.co/nmr54dMn8y #TPP #NoFastTrack
Must Read: Ben &amp; Jerry: We don't need this stupid tax cut - @YoBenCohen &amp; Jerry Greenfield, @USATODAY: http://t.co/6TMNBKWDuh
NOW: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live: https://t.co/wj3KKovnmU
From now until 1pm Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann show. Watch live: http://t.co/i65zfLDNsw
RT @Thom_Hartmann: Coming up at Noon ET - It's Brunch w/ @SenSanders! Get your questions ready! http://t.co/0fX4Y9EeaX 202-536-3270 #FSTV #…
The #TPP must be defeated. http://t.co/RgQgXZCfAw
VIDEO: Sen. Sanders on The O'Reilly Factor: https://t.co/uU1XRoPfQ2
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/VHrwAxrGi2
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @FoxNews' @OReillyFactor.
Coming up at 8pmET Sen. Sanders will be on @FoxNews' @OReillyFactor.
This is simply beyond belief: http://t.co/d0wilOotDy
NEWS: Senate Panel Advances Education Bill: http://t.co/XllkU2WUPm
Sanders Statement on House Passage of Tax Break For Super Rich: http://t.co/HY1U852d9O
NOW: Sen. Sanders is on #CNN's @CNNSitRoom talking to @WolfBlitzer.
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #CNN's @CNNSitRoom talking to @WolfBlitzer.
Coming up at 1:30pmET Sen. Sanders will be on #CNN's @CNNSitRoom talking to @WolfBlitzer.
http://t.co/z3MpCEuooQ
VIDEO: Sen. Sanders on The Rachel @Maddow show: https://t.co/0QdUDn9h5g
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/7sLOUYKnk8
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on the @Maddow show.
At 9pmET Sen. Sanders will be on the @Maddow show.
Coming up at 9pmET Sen. Sanders will be on the @Maddow show.
RT @DSenFloor: VOTE: @SenSanders motion to instruct budget conferees to protect Social Security #clerkwillcalltheroll
RT @DSenFloor: VOTE: @SenSanders motion to instruct budget conferees re: USPSl #clerkwillcalltheroll
No Fast Track for the #TPP: https://t.co/pmyp0yDjef #NoFastTrack #StopFastTrack
Every candidate for president must answer the following questions: http://t.co/6QUTXeCVCw
RT @CWAUnion: .@SenSanders: "They told us NAFTA was going to create jobs. Now they're telling us #TPP is going to create jobs." http://t.co…
Sanders Statement on Low-Wage Rallies: http://t.co/twFU1k0jGR #FightFor15
Enough is enough. Give her a vote. http://t.co/h9gzL5xqbl
Standing up to the Billionaire Class: https://t.co/4Wv5aZU2dT
RT @AFSCME: "The trade agreements have cost us millions of well-paying American jobs." —@SenSanders #StopFastTrack #1u http://t.co/Li9K6vSs…
RT @LizNussbaumer: .@SenSanders @steelworkers @foodandwater #NoFastTrack #FastTrackDOA #NoTPP http://t.co/PlFdJmca12
LIVE on #Periscope: Sen. Sanders is speaking to a @Steelworkers rally outside the Capitol. https://t.co/4RTws1YA0f
Congratulations, @DanPriceSeattle: https://t.co/I8Gr81DRXG
I want to applaud the workers who are organizing today int he fight to raise the minimum wage. #FightFor15 http://t.co/8ngJ8WOarN
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/YzFLSLAIWw
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC's @Morning_Joe.
Coming up at 8:30amET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC's @Morning_Joe.
Tomorrow morning at 8:30amET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC's @Morning_Joe.
Today is #EqualPayDay: http://t.co/CieIhIZanK
Generic Drug Prices Spiking Upward: http://t.co/7YfhRrVAmY
NEWS: HHS to Probe Skyrocketing Generic Drug Prices: http://t.co/3gG6gLMuLD
It's time for a new relationship with Cuba. http://t.co/K33q6JSNop
Congratulations, @DanPriceSeattle. http://t.co/MyVGPG23EE
It is better to show up than to give up. http://t.co/kjpWyQ60q0
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC talking with @ThomasARoberts.
Coming up at 2pmET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC talking with @ThomasARoberts.
Why? http://t.co/fRBHZlWTrL
RT @SenateBudget: Right now @SenSanders standing w @ChrisVanHollen to explain how bad @Senate_GOPs budget is for Americans http://t.co/0QoZ…
NOW: Sen. Sanders &amp; @ChrisVanHollen are holding a press conference on the Republican budget: https://t.co/9suCiqGvhc
LIVE on #Periscope: Budget Ranking Members Sen. Sanders and @ChrisVanHollen are holding a press conf. on the budget. https://t.co/9suCiqoTSC
Coming up at 10:45amET Sen. Sanders will be livestreaming a press conference on the budget with @ChrisVanHollen via #Periscope. Stay tuned.
LIVE on #Periscope: Sen. Sanders is holding a press conference on the impact of tax havens. https://t.co/C9MsopwoLq
Stay tuned. At 10amET Sen. Sanders will livestream a press conference on the impact of tax havens via #Periscope.
RT @uspirg: ICYMI we're releasing our #PickingUpTheTab report tmrw w/ @SenSanders @ASBCouncil @taxjustice on impact of tax haven abuse on s…
RT @YungPhillyUSW: "We're at a pivotal moment in the U.S. ... there is a coordinated attacks on working families" - Sen. Bernie Sanders htt…
RT @steelworkers: A standing ovation at #USWRR15 for @SenSanders as he receives the Wellstone Award from Pres. Leo W. Gerard. http://t.co/3…
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/fVkqPuWDvC
NOW: Sen. Sanders is talking about his political past and future at @AmericanU. Watch live: https://t.co/7e182WO4yC
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is taking questions from students at @AmericanU. Watch live: https://t.co/7e182WO4yC #BernieAtAU
RT @AUCollegeDems: .@JaneHallAU asks .@SenSanders more about his free tuition plan #BernieAtAU http://t.co/RRxRZcNt96
RT @mmkoch1010: "We have a moral obligation to stand up and fight back as vigorously as we can" #BernieAtAU
NOW: Sen. Bernie Sanders is speaking at @AmericanU. Watch live: https://t.co/7e182WO4yC #BernieAtAU
RT @AUCollegeDems: .@SenSanders: We still have 35mil Americans who are still uninsured and many more who are underinsured.  #BernieAtAU
LIVE on #Periscope: Sen. Bernie Sanders speaks at @AmericanU. #BernieAtAU https://t.co/7e182WO4yC
RT @AUCollegeDems: 15 minutes until our event with @SenSanders begins in Ward 2! Bring your AU ID! #BernieAtAU
Coming up at 7pmET Sen. Sanders will be speaking at @AmericanU. Watch live here via @Periscopeco.
We must make higher education affordable for all. http://t.co/7OGeFxVMex
Tonight at 7pmET Sen. Sanders will be speaking at @AmericanU. Watch live here via @Periscopeco.
$900 million to buy elections... http://t.co/Kgrdy7PzNa
NEWS: Sanders: Make Public Higher Ed Tuition-Free, Reform Loans, Protect Pell Grants: http://t.co/lNtVDwDMLo
Join Sen. Sanders and @AUCollegeDems tonight at 7pm at @AmericanU:  https://t.co/TE2OsQpEID
NEWS: Sanders Launches National Budget Town Hall Meeting Series: http://t.co/2F1cQMTyZb
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/XokTrQgI5x
Every candidate for president has got to answer one simple question: http://t.co/q5PwzETD2q
Join Sen. Bernie Sanders and @AUCollegeDems at 7pm on Monday at @AmericanU:  https://t.co/TE2OsQpEID
Big Winners and Big Losers in the House and Senate Republican Budgets - Marian Wright Edelman, @HuffingtonPost: http://t.co/t5CdjcGLGc
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/DBcw2BYYOU
Fifty years of Cold War is enough... #Cuba http://t.co/7lRQNUVzLI
We need real tax reform... http://t.co/yIwJNSbru0
Join Sen. Bernie Sanders and @AUCollegeDems at 7pm on Monday at @AmericanU:  https://t.co/TE2OsQpEID
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/908dFmeSMa
Sanders Leads Senate Effort to Support Seniors: http://t.co/Qhs9NTAhpx
Tax Dodging Companies: http://t.co/y6EKYfR7Wg
Join Sen. Bernie Sanders and @AUCollegeDems at 7pm on Monday at @AmericanU:  https://t.co/TE2OsQHg7d
Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live: http://t.co/i65zfLDNsw  or call: 202-536-2370
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live: http://t.co/i65zfLDNsw or call: 202-536-2370
At the top of the list is the need to overturn #CitizensUnited: http://t.co/nTwBb7HhnU
From noon-1pmET Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live at: http://t.co/DlvOxqUAfB
If the middle class is going to survive... http://t.co/jXpsyii13M
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/1XN83gIK29
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC's @EdShow with Ed Schultz.
Coming up at 5:05pmET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC's @EdShow with Ed Schultz.
I applaud @TaxJustice for releasing new data today revealing the unfairness of our tax system: http://t.co/y6EKYfR7Wg
This is a fight we cannot afford to lose. http://t.co/m21Emmjpg9
A loophole in immigration law is costing thousands of American jobs - @hiltzikm, @latimes: http://t.co/Xm1KW8jNgD
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/vRXzFbghs7
RT @baratunde: Check out @nightlyshow tonight! Our panel tackled Rand Paul. Physically. He's ok though. #NightlyShow http://t.co/GLTLy9JtoU
Sen. Bernie Sanders talks with @MarkHalperin and @JHeil on @BloombergTV: https://t.co/TCAI2DU8JH
Watch Sen. Sanders tonight on The @NightlyShow with @LarryWilmore. #NightlyShow http://t.co/88bT3ZTCji
The same old Republican ideas... http://t.co/dYxhqCTTO4
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @HuffPostLive talking with @AlyonaMink. Watch live: http://t.co/kn6d8OWAef
RT @HuffPostLive: LIVE on #Periscope: Senator Bernie Sanders talks free college, Iran, the 2016 presidential race so far + more right… http…
RT @Jprice322: #National Action Network Senator Bernie Sanders http://t.co/f6h2k3GXhI
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @CNN's @NewDay talking with @ChrisCuomo.
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/D0thx0jY4P
Coming up at 8amET: Sen. Sanders will be on @CNN's @NewDay talking with @ChrisCuomo.
Tomorrow at 8amET: Sen. Sanders will be on @CNN's @NewDay talking with @ChrisCuomo.
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC talking with @ChrisLHayes.
Coming up at 8pmET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC talking with @ChrisLHayes.
Watch Sen. Sanders tomorrow on The @NightlyShow. http://t.co/3fPuLzb6Fb
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/GOdWuHljun
A strong grass roots movement... http://t.co/1Y3Omx87JK
What I worry about... http://t.co/YjE0qYSTqM
Do not believe those who tell you that #SocialSecurity is going broke. http://t.co/rGN5iLhDnF
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/3aV2TrufKD
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/2wu1nOrxd2
Here is What Could Be Fixed by the Taxes on Apple's Offshored Profits - @MotherJones: http://t.co/n2RBpWgvk1 http://t.co/27hVOTRvb0
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/smJ21acMWU
The Week in Review: http://t.co/zXTef7kBdj
It is better to show up than to give up. http://t.co/KySiSPK4Bi
Here is What Could Be Fixed by the Taxes on Apple's Offshored Profits - @MotherJones: http://t.co/n2RBpVYTVr http://t.co/UpsBuNuIDU
For a Political Revolution - Sen. Sanders, @HuffingtonPost: http://t.co/WtzNf1zmLs
We should be investing in education and jobs, not more jails. http://t.co/jrRqWih3VZ
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/D7SzrjxMLa
Must Watch: Bernie Sanders on the American Dream - @KevinBarry_: https://t.co/gqr2Ca7C0V
I look forward to examining the details of this agreement and making sure that it is effective and strong. #IranTalks
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Iran Negotiations: http://t.co/IHhl9oHaSU
NEWS: Sen. Sanders Response to McDonald’s Wage Increase: http://t.co/FK1hyPH1so
RT @Texarchivist: Just attended the taping of @klru's Overheard with Evan Smith with @SenSanders at @UTAustin. What a great morning! http:/…
Purple Hearts Reunited: https://t.co/Pc3mupDqAd #Vt #Vermont #Veterans
NOW: Sen. Sanders is on @overheardpbs with @evanasmith. Watch here: http://t.co/xBTjb1w1DW
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/1ymz2XQzZf
RT @TexasTribune: We're #livestreaming @evanasmith's @overheardpbs interview with @SenSanders, I-Vermont, at 8:45. Watch: http://t.co/VMhzL…
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @overheardpbs with @evanasmith. Watch here:  http://t.co/xBTjb1NCvu
RT @PBS: via @OpenMindTV "Democracy in Disrepair": discussion with @SenSanders, longest-serving Independent in US Congress http://t.co/D4LL…
Coming up at 9:30amET Sen. Sanders will be on @overheardpbs with @evanasmith. Watch here:  http://t.co/EZKjwB2rkH
Sanders Hits State Anti-Gay Laws: http://t.co/QIO3xkM54q #IndianaBill #Arkansas #LGBT
RT @overheardpbs: Livestream preps underway for Sen. Bernie Sanders at 8:45am tomorrow. Tune in: http://t.co/WR8cQrxHyH #overheardpbs http:…
This obscene inequality must end. http://t.co/n8NO9QJjwT
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live: https://t.co/KhX0qDGd3b
From noon-1pmET Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: http://t.co/i65zfLDNsw
Greed. Greed. Greed. http://t.co/fg4tFWy9ng
Vermont populist rallies Las Vegas union members to take on ‘billionare class’ - @lmyerslvrj, @reviewjournal: http://t.co/tEq9NayuaK
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/AKEcWxkFip
What Gov. Pence is doing is dead wrong. #LGBT http://t.co/Czi6N8SC77
RT @ydc226: Speaking truth! @SenSanders firing up the crowd! http://t.co/CvAU8H7UIz
This is the party of "family values." http://t.co/rqTmWPsFNs
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/2SSRVo3WiR
This is what oligarchy looks like: http://t.co/Nb82l9PeDM
NEWS: Sanders: Stand Up to Wall Street, Break Up Big Banks: http://t.co/VqMyIa3iGT
RT @robcamacho: Senator @SenSanders  speaking @cwclub about his fight for the economy. #solutions # politics #money #middleclass http://t.c…
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking at the @cwclub: http://t.co/aE9QKMRa7f
Buying Congress: https://t.co/29ZWkXyqS3
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC talking with @TheRevAl.
Coming up at 6:05ET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC talking with @TheRevAl.
The recently passed House and Senate Republican budgets must be defeated. http://t.co/8gTUBvU1nu
NOW: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on @KQED. Listen live: http://t.co/rZ252evxQP
Watch Sen. Sanders on @OpenMindTV with @heffnera http://t.co/eOFbK7WeHG
This is what oligarchy looks like: http://t.co/QvK3rhN6y0
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/ftoFTObOGI
Sanders on the Senate Budget: https://t.co/o7yBBkc3ny
RT @heffnera: Our @OpenMindTV conversation w/U.S. @SenSanders, longest-serving Independent, on mending a democracy in disrepair: http://t.c…
http://t.co/jh0fsLzCGN
...the ok from corporate America. http://t.co/whA5VY3jKX
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/4me7RQb5Gt
Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC shortly talking with @ChrislHayes about the #SenateBudget.
The Week in Review: http://t.co/gioqycpqOG
VIDEO: Sen. Sanders speaks at a @USStudents rally outside the @USCapitol: https://t.co/XarSEZXk0v
NEWS: Sanders Calls for Student Loan Reforms, Affordable Tuition: http://t.co/O40yUQEAuj
I look forward to Harry’s strong and determined leadership during the next two years: http://t.co/jfTHQuYTjG #HarryReid
Sen. Sanders speaking to the press at the @USStudents rally going on now outside the @USCapitol. http://t.co/t5CiXdRVYQ
Coming up at noon Sen. Sanders will speak at a @USStudents rally outside the @USCapitol. Watch live here at noon via #Periscope.
Today at noon Sen. Sanders will attend a @USStudents rally against cuts to financial aid. Stay tuned for live video via @Periscopeco.
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/du8b9laZUy
NEWS: Sanders: Republican Budget Does Everything for the Wealthy and Nothing for Middle Class: http://t.co/ibcr6oZBmu #SenateBudget
RT @SenWhitehouse: This #GOPBudget is fundamentally unfair to the #middleclass. Americans deserve better. #SenateBudget http://t.co/BTCLSYH…
RT @SenWhitehouse: Republicans just protected secret #DarkMoney in #politics by voting against my #DISCLOSEAct amendment: http://t.co/SoTd0…
$1 trillion in profits over the last decade... #SenateBudget http://t.co/ykgRwRDuuX
More than four million seniors... #SenateBudget http://t.co/2pzt5Sz6oz
NEWS: Republicans Oppose Minimum Wage Hike as Senate Debates Budget: http://t.co/fkF2fZmrtQ #SenateBudget
2.3 million jobs... #SenateBudget http://t.co/Y3ndQUbwBd
RT @SenWhitehouse: Americans deserve a #SenateBudget that is FAIR, NOT this #GOPBudget. http://t.co/ohQm5J4M1j
2.3 million young adults... #SenateBudget http://t.co/prLrkyxsfQ
RT @RonWyden: Joined @SenSanders in introducing a bill that saves homeowners $ on their electricity bills by making their homes more energy…
900,000 families... #SenateBudget http://t.co/mlwog47Am8
RT @SenatorTomUdall: GOP’s #SenateBudget is one big YES to those at the top, &amp; one big NO to just about everybody else. http://t.co/sH6Earm…
1.2 million women, infants and young children... #SenateBudget http://t.co/STXdSZeTCQ
I disagree... #SenateBudget http://t.co/xhdbrOziyP
40 million Americans... #SenateBudget http://t.co/AxCz4gE2wE
Not another war... #SenateBudget http://t.co/3IziEchUFm
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty. #SenateBudget http://t.co/lJuEiDYoQi
130 million Americans... #SenateBudget http://t.co/6YH4GPayW0
Raise the Minimum Wage: https://t.co/EosTyTaus1 #SenateBudget
25 million children... #SenateBudget http://t.co/O3AS5sCcWL
110,000 fewer young children in Head Start... #SenateBudget http://t.co/aq7tUqY2rm
1.9 million students... #SenateBudget http://t.co/XLvM7ZXNWL
RT @RonWyden: Standing with @SenSanders to fight off #Medicaid cuts in the #GOPbudget. #SenateBudget http://t.co/FOxdthnRae
The Senate is voting on Sen. Sanders' #SenateBudget amendment to raise the minimum wage. How will your Senator vote? http://t.co/umNwDpPZZ5
RT @SenateBudget: Happening any minute: Senate voting on @SenSanders proposal to amend awful @Senate_GOPs budget by calling for an increase…
$38 billion next year alone... #SenateBudget http://t.co/qDyy5NurNW
RT @SenBobCasey: The @Senate_GOPs budget would mean that 110,000 fewer children would be able to enroll in Head Start. #SenateBudget http:/…
Half a million families would be kicked off of Section 8 housing... #SenateBudget http://t.co/fzkrDK4FPY
Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor: http://t.co/umNwDpPZZ5 #SenateBudget
I find it particularly offensive... http://t.co/EEAcCoHg6z
RT @CAFCA_INC: Listening to @SenSanders speak at the @NCAFNews 2015 Legislative Conference! http://t.co/FPlBsPgcBr
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/O5S8na5WjG
The Republican Budget: Believe it or Not: https://t.co/7ofOjgfJNj
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on the Senate floor: http://t.co/umNwDpPZZ5
Yes. I am serious. http://t.co/WXE3IdZHtn
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor. Watch live: http://t.co/umNwDpPZZ5 #SenateBudget
The Republican Budget: Believe it or Not: https://t.co/7ofOjgfJNj #SenateBudget
RT @SenatorTester: I won’t balance the budget on the backs of seniors, students, or the most vulnerable. Instead it’s time to look at the c…
RT @SenWarren: Our budget should reflect our values, so I’m introducing a budget amendment to refi student loans to 2013 rates. http://t.co…
Talk about wealth inequality. http://t.co/020Ix4rk1K
Rebuild America: https://t.co/iJezXu7osJ #SenateBudget
RT @SenatorDurbin: Standing with Democratic colleagues calling for a budget that grows America's middle-class http://t.co/7pVYUfeceh
LIVE: Sen. Sanders, @SenSchumer, @SenatorDurbin, @ChrisVanHollen and others outline the GOP #SenateBudget: http://t.co/oHnf7x2v0w #meerkat
RT @SenateBudget: Right now! @SenSanders who became 1st US Senator to @AppMeerkat a press conference last week doing it again now on #Repub…
@pgannon48 Senators and House members should be arriving shortly. Thanks, - Sanders staff
@Flickett1980 Senators and House members should be arriving shortly. Stay tuned. Thanks - Sanders Staff
|LIVE NOW| Sen. Sanders is holding a press conference on the #SenateBudget. #meerkat http://t.co/xpUBho0R3E
In 8 minutes: Sen. Sanders will hold a press conference on the #SenateBudget. #meerkat http://t.co/zxfQ4JjewR
Coming up at 10:15amET Sen. Sanders will livestream his press conference on the #SenateBudget. Stay tuned. #Meerkat
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/SKwdDxJFNA
RT @SenateBudget: Senate just approved @SenSanders amendment To protect and strengthen the Department of Veterans Affairs @DeptVetAffairs
How China used more cement in 3 years than the U.S. did in the entire 20th Century - @AnaSwanson, @WashingtonPost: http://t.co/2CMPdWbbJW
Where do you stand on the #SenateBudget? http://t.co/qDfm9aS50M
Don’t Cut Medicaid: https://t.co/SaPoCkrduC #SenateBudget
RT @SenateBudget: Talking now about Republican plan to repeal affordable care act @SenSanders laying out stakes http://t.co/h4fH06gAQq
Now - Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor: http://t.co/umNwDpPZZ5 #SenateBudget
The Republican #SenateBudget protects over $40 billion in tax breaks for oil and gas companies. http://t.co/JCnUFXmI5i
RT @SenMarkey: The Republican #SenateBudget slashes #LIHEAP &amp; fails to protect low-income and vulnerable American households http://t.co/DD…
Must Read: Scientists to Smithsonian: Cut ties with Koch brothers - @ColbyItkowitz, @WashingtonPost: http://t.co/9Y4P0IxGmX
The Senate is now voting on Sen. Sanders' amendment to protect Medicaid. How will your senator vote? Watch here: http://t.co/umNwDpPZZ5
Four million seniors... #SenateBudget http://t.co/8D55by5iLq
RT @SenSchumer: .@SenateDems agree, the GOP House &amp; #SenateBudget rigs the rules for special interests at the expense of hardworking Americ…
The Senate is voting on Sen. Sanders' amendment to rebuild our infrastructure. How will your senator vote? Watch: http://t.co/umNwDpPZZ5
The Republican #SenateBudget would lead to the loss of 2.3 million jobs... http://t.co/XLHZK8k3Cs
Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor: http://t.co/umNwDpPZZ5 #SenateBudget
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor: http://t.co/umNwDpPZZ5 #SenateBudget
900,000 families... #SenateBudget http://t.co/mOXUyaJdOM
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/FgddohYOlS
Sanders Outlines Republican Budget: https://t.co/2iKbVdohyC #SenateBudget
Sen. Sanders is speaking on the #Senate floor: http://t.co/umNwDpPZZ5
NOW: Watch Sen. Sanders explain the #SenateBudget on the Senate floor: http://t.co/umNwDpPZZ5
$157 billlion... http://t.co/BsmLK1xcoV
LIVE: Watch Sen. Sanders explain the #SenateBudget on the Senate floor: http://t.co/umNwDpPZZ5
Under the Republican #SenateBudget more than 2.3 million young adults would no longer be covered by their parent's health insurance.
The Republican budget would deny more than 40 million Americans health insurance. #SenateBudget
Sen. Sanders is discussing the Republican #SenateBudget right now. Watch live: http://t.co/umNwDpPZZ5
130 million Americans.... #SenateBudget http://t.co/RaOJSS9h3B
Sen. Sanders is describing the Republican #SenateBudget right now. Watch live: http://t.co/umNwDpPZZ5
This morning Sen. Sanders spoke with Stephanie Miller on the @SMShow. Take a listen here: http://t.co/cv67NW9gFY
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the #Senate floor. Watch live: http://t.co/umNwDpPZZ5
The Republican #SenateBudget would deny more than 40 million Americans health insurance. http://t.co/PqnPtd3lVR
Do we want a political system in which a handful of billionaires can buy members of Congress? http://t.co/MRl32npSWI
The Republican #SenateBudget would mean 110,000 fewer children would be able to enroll in Head Start. http://t.co/ZeobaAevCV
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on the @SMShow. Listen live here: http://t.co/xwH7sYd6zK
The Republican #SenateBudget increases Pentagon funding by $38 billion next year alone. http://t.co/lKAmcamryM
If We Don't Overturn Citizens United, the Congress Will Become Paid Employees of the Billionaire Class: http://t.co/MRl32npSWI
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/CR1esf8aSs
Meet the Republican #SenateBudget: http://t.co/9ZbJSxhTgf
The rich get richer. http://t.co/ShvvBN2ax0
If We Don't Overturn Citizens United, the Congress Will Become Paid Employees of the Billionaire Class: http://t.co/R6ARK5WJeH
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/eGXQQfxOLn
One out of four... http://t.co/PTlwdpe7TS
Ban Ki-moon, @UN Secretary General: http://t.co/mqLfHJ0xcz
Must Read: Federal Tax System Seen in Need of Overhaul - @PewResearch: http://t.co/RV5IYoC3C5
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/9WPRguz2Hm
Budget Battle Begins: https://t.co/QBhC02qMBg
NOW: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC's @EdShow talking about the #SenateBudget.
The Week in Review: http://t.co/szpCIvMrjt
NEWS: Sanders: If Republicans Want Another War, They Have to Pay for It: http://t.co/QI8tqB5BYx
Coming up at 5:45pmET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC's @EdShow talking about the #SenateBudget.
Sanders to #SenateBudget Committee: You're going to be a paid employee of the billionaire class: https://t.co/AA9gKwQNfm
How hypocritical can you get? http://t.co/hNVQtTCvih
The most important issue facing us today... http://t.co/FcWujMfPoe
NOW: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live: https://t.co/DAmNVXp7IE
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live: http://t.co/i65zfLVok4
Today from 12-1pmET Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live: http://t.co/i65zfLVok4
Bruce @Springsteen: http://t.co/ImOymilVJr
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/YSMVKfxNom
Must read: The Middle Class Has Gotten Smaller In Every State Since 2000 - @HuffingtonPost http://t.co/X4yYBVuofj
Must Watch: Sen. Sanders asks the #SenateBudget committee to pave the way for overturning Citizens United: https://t.co/6yuZerlluS
My god! http://t.co/KRpKikRLsG
RT @SenateBudget: Republicans all just voted NO on @SenSanders effort to clean up campaigns by overturning worst of Citizens United court c…
What kind of nation are we... http://t.co/mmVy3EEpaE
You can watch the #SenateBudget mark-up here: http://t.co/VAnrB1fE9Q
VIDEO: Sen. Sanders introduces his #SenateBudget amendment on #MinimumWage https://t.co/fGZwVyVhGn
RT @SenateBudget: The 2nd vote on budget resolution from @SenSanders Would increase minimum wage for millions of Americans and Republicans …
RT @SenateBudget: On first vote of the day Republicans block @SenSanders amendment on boosting infrastructure spending by 12-10 margin.
RT @SenateBudget: Happening now @SenSanders and @SenSchumer speaking to reporters in press gallery http://t.co/iZM3OmpEV1
Read the latest Bernie Buzz: http://t.co/uKJRtG3H5i Sign up to receive it here: http://t.co/KF8mi1V6en
Watch live: Sen. Sanders introduces his amendments to the #SenateBudget: http://t.co/VAnrB1fE9Q
|LIVE NOW| #meerkat http://t.co/8uoBqrSt69
LIVE: Sen. Sanders is discussing his amendments at the #SenateBudget mark-up: http://t.co/LL6Qwd28Z4
Student debt today... http://t.co/VeXxxyHyGs
|LIVE NOW| #meerkat http://t.co/LL6Qwd28Z4
What issues interest you most? http://t.co/oGzF11X8nS
#TBT #ThrowbackThursday http://t.co/iHqkZUUvoZ
In 3 hours: At 12:30pmET Sen. Sanders and @SenSchumer will discuss the #SenateBudget. #meerkat http://t.co/nnU0vFgr9H
In 1 hour: At 10:30amET Sen. Sanders will be discussing his amendments to the #SenateBudget. #meerkat http://t.co/vUZq9xBHRG
Purple Hearts Reunited: https://t.co/Pc3mupDqAd #Vt #Vermont #Veterans
The best thing we can do in a budget is to move to full employment with jobs that pay a living wage: https://t.co/bhKnG8HJsK #SenateBudget
We have a situation where hedge fund managers pay an effective tax rate lower than a truck driver or a nurse. #SenateBudget
In 1952, corporations contributed about 32% of all federal revenue.  Today, they contribute about 11%. #SenateBudget
.@GeneralElectric, @Verizon &amp; @Boeing have not only paid $0 in federal income taxes they actually got rebates from the IRS. #SenateBudget
I believe we must not balance the budget on the backs of the elderly, the sick and the poor and ask nothing from the wealthy. #SenateBudget
We need to address the overtime scandal in which many are working 50-60 hours a week but fail to get time and a half. #SenateBudget
We need pay equity in this country so that women make what a man makes for doing the same work. #SenateBudget
We need a budget that substantially increases wages for low-income and middle-income workers. #SenateBudget
Republicans want to abolish #Obamacare, which would take health insurance away from 16 million Americans. #SenateBudget
RT @CraigCaplan: 1st Senate Budget markup under Chair @SenatorEnzi &amp;RankingMbr @SenSanders now on @cspan online http://t.co/MKBGslmpDY http…
I do not believe we must maintain a bloated military budget... #SenateBudget http://t.co/JQyyDzOYaZ
Student debt is $1.2 trillion - larger than credit card or auto loan debt in the U.S. #SenateBudget
Does the Republican budget do anything to lower student debt interest rates? No, they would make a bad situation even worse. #SenateBudget
Republicans believe that we should cut tax rates for millionaires and billionaires. Does that make any sense? #SenateBudget
Clearly, in Republican eyes, the wealthy and the powerful need more help. #SenateBudget
At a time of massive inequality, the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer. #SenateBudget
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking at the @SenateBudget Committee hearing on the mark-up of the 2016 budget. Watch live: http://t.co/qlVLnGy4B1
NEWS: Sanders: Let Vermont Protect Consumers from Dangerous Chemicals: http://t.co/WjFXRzZNEO
@ChrisAnt87 Thanks for asking. Here are just some of Sen. Sanders' ideas: http://t.co/Uh94wTZk0v
Dangers Chemicals: https://t.co/FEulTKJ3Ak
We need a budget which works for the working families of this country, not just the 1%. http://t.co/v9ufDYhEs5
NOW: Sen. Sanders is discussing the budget on the @DRShow. Listen live: http://t.co/HffGDlnpJy cc: @wamu885 @NPR
Coming up at 10:30amET Sen. Sanders will be discussing the budget on the @DRShow. Listen live: http://t.co/uljdP0zNUT cc: @wamu885 @NPR
I'd argue we should... http://t.co/Chld9o9moZ
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/7SdC747WF8
RT @SenateDems: Read how Budget Committee ranking member @SenSanders plans to address the Republican budget: http://t.co/ADGhjnOJbg
I will be offering a strong series of amendments to change these disastrous proposals. http://t.co/VeWgRoQh30
Republican Budget Would Deal a Blow to Middle Class: http://t.co/VeWgRoQh30
NEWS: Sanders: House Budget Plan is an Assault on the Middle Class and a Gift to Millionaires and Billionaires: http://t.co/JZ5rAgj81G
...and I welcome their hatred. - Franklin D. Roosevelt http://t.co/hiitgpS4Ha
Thanks to all of you who have Liked Sen. Sanders' @Facebook page. It is now the largest official page in Congress: https://t.co/eTV4SzRXx2
Must Read: Novartis Pays $12.6M Fine for Giving Inaccurate Pricing Data to Medicare - @edsilverman, @WSJ: http://t.co/euIrtGosOh
We need an economy which works for all, not just the billionaire class. http://t.co/uZe71XJIL1
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/f3zfvnHlgY
RT @OpenMindTV: Next on #TheOpenMind: @Innocence Proj. director @MaddydeLone, U.S. @SenSanders &amp; @TheDailyShow correspondent @aasif http://…
NEWS: Sanders: We Must Produce a Budget for America, Not Wealthy Special Interests: http://t.co/JCLykHzN97
NEWS: Sanders Welcomes U.S. and Canada Border Pact: http://t.co/wnXyuzyjJ0
Save Social Security: https://t.co/tdUYmdNG0V
Must Read: Joseph Stiglitz on the Trans Pacific Partnership: “This Is A Big Deal” - @InTheseTimes: http://t.co/ZL2w3Bye99
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/EDOboctYIU
Jon Stewart: http://t.co/hNnS4fWxV7
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/L5XgGLhOAu
RT @EricBlaisdell13: .@SenSanders meeting with students before a concert in #montp to bring attention to #arts in #education http://t.co/e7…
President Barack Obama: http://t.co/EFaGFnXKzn
Craig Jelinek, CEO of @Costco: http://t.co/ZJzMjWXvTx
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/6JjP2OwBoV #Vt #Vermont
Pres. Theodore Roosevelt: http://t.co/OJvMIZ83Be
The Week in Review: http://t.co/WB9EBQnFSI
RT @edshow: NEXT: @SenSanders says inequality has put the country's Social Security funds into the wrong hands. How do you grade the system…
Tell Bernie: What Issues Interest You Most? http://t.co/OgWPzWpZDO
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: https://t.co/d8BM2MsX59
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @vprnet's @vermontedition. Listen live: http://t.co/eSFWtPPJnA
Coming up at noon: Sen. Sanders will be on @vprnet's @vermontedition. Listen live: http://t.co/eSFWtPy8w2
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/nEs5UiDtzD
Schooling the Senate on Climate Change - @Avaaz: https://t.co/Ly6RUHWLXV
Fighting for Social Security: https://t.co/8omPXXAK3d
RT @pdacosta: Wall Street bonus pool of $28.5 billion equivalent to Bahrain's GDP http://t.co/shxjxp68mD cc @SenSanders @RBReich
.@RBReich: http://t.co/nD4MnMQg92
NEWS: Sanders Files Bill to Strengthen, Expand Social Security: http://t.co/4K2tfObM5T
|LIVE NOW| LIVE: Sen. Sanders is discussing the need to protect #SocialSecurity and Medicare. #meerkat http://t.co/1iAoYWGwuC
Sen. Bernie Sanders walking his grandson to work during the fall of 2013. #TBT http://t.co/myvNwKVM87
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/EcFeohsUyy
This is Robin Hood in Reverse: https://t.co/KbI7IVnO5C
Want to be an intern for Sen. Bernie Sanders? You can apply here. Deadline is Friday, March 13: http://t.co/RSKlzhaMT3
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the #Senate floor.
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the budget with @PattyMurray, @SenWhitehouse, @RonWyden and @SenJeffMerkley. http://t.co/kUpd6utEri
Robin Hood in Reverse: http://t.co/hMsTQdrq1N http://t.co/SW4sKwm4AT
Isn't it time for change? http://t.co/kTHpF3YNMl
Since the Wall Street crash of 2008, over 99% of all new income has gone to the top 1%.
Today in the United States of America the top 1% earns more income than the bottom 50%.
Hot to Trot for War: http://t.co/a4V2mc9012
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/WBzUcuvHmZ
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC talking with @TheRevAl.
Here is the Republican agenda: http://t.co/efYhJZxzYo
Coming up at 6pmET Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC talking with @TheRevAl.
Republicans seem to be itching for war. http://t.co/m108xs6iKY
RT @CUNA: Strength and beauty of #creditunions is that they are member owned @SenSanders #CUNAGAC http://t.co/eaWGtw38ly
RT @CUNA: I will do everything I can to oppose the taxation of #creditunions @SenSanders
RT @kdorse: BERNIE SANDERS, EVERYBODY! #CUNAgac http://t.co/6jiVxtIrwE
They now apparently want a war in Iran as well: http://t.co/qB3gvoDJyT
Do you think the Voting Rights Act is necessary today or is it no longer necessary? Weigh in here: http://t.co/MEr5PSemZR
RT @IAFFNewsDesk: @SenSanders: We need to reverse the attacks on the trade #unions in this country. You fought for every decent program tha…
RT @dsilva799: The time is now to stand together with workers to say enough is enough and to represent working families #IAFFLegCon http://…
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking to @IAFFNewsDesk. Watch live here: http://t.co/tPIR5QvoQt #IAFFlegcon #IAFF
RT @PFFV: @SenSanders speaking now to a full house at #IAFFlegcon @IAFFNewsDesk http://t.co/dgNjMJTaB0
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/Av43bzyRIp
It appears a war in Afghanistan and a war in Iraq were not enough. http://t.co/6dBJirBtgl
NEWS: Sanders: Republican Senators Trying to Sabotage Negotiations with Iran: http://t.co/qB3gvoDJyT
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking at the National @PressClubDC. #NPCLunch http://t.co/sQPfcSQuDQ
RT @cspan: Sen. Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) #NPCLunch @PressClubDC – LIVE on C-SPAN http://t.co/MWqwv1T7rA http://t.co/ZLbUsIkRi1
Happening now: Sen. Bernie Sanders is speaking at the National @PressClub. Watch here: http://t.co/LGX6tLFjZj
RT @tunein: Listen to live coverage of the #NPCLunch with @SenSanders on @cspanradio. http://t.co/GMROHNjKvx
Coming up at 1pmET Sen. Bernie Sanders will be speaking at the National @PressClub. Watch here: http://t.co/LGX6tLFjZj
RT @PressClubDC: Today @PressClubDC: #NPCLunch with @SenSanders, LIVE webstream starts at 1 p.m. Watch here: http://t.co/5LGaPZNcLg
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/ExgsyAbeTT
.@Pontifex: http://t.co/jJHK26Kzl4
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/6me6pTiG7n
NEWS: Sanders in Selma Says Civil Rights Struggle Continues: http://t.co/cczoKep1um
When People Stand Together for Justice, Nothing is Impossible: http://t.co/2hYK5ivHP1
Nothing significant happens in terms of social change unless a strong grass roots movement takes place. http://t.co/NzDFh6oT1K
We cannot turn back the clock. http://t.co/BTuZzBwg81
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/AsFfCLqb4N
#Selma50 http://t.co/mrgHpcW3Bm
The Week in Review: http://t.co/QGAgwxIwT6
Sanders Calls Saudi Demand for
U.S. Ground Troops ‘Offensive’: http://t.co/dMeyqDH3MB http://t.co/4HYdnhU7Kh
Sen. Sanders to march in Selma - @ngaudiano, @bfp_news: http://t.co/4oDKOXpYM3
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/V4Hd77grWV
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/diMQehksab
VFW Presents Sanders with Congressional Award: http://t.co/aG2bmEt9x4
RT @VFWHQ: @SenSanders: "It is not acceptable to have veterans walking into the VA...and being lied to!" #VFWHill2015 http://t.co/04gUoipeD9
RT @VFWHQ: Sen Sanders is awarded the VFW Congressional Award. Thank you for all you do for veterans @SenSanders! #VFWHill2015 http://t.co/…
Waste and Fraud in the Military Budget: http://t.co/5AAxi4huQM
I applaud President Obama for vetoing the Keystone XL legislation and the Senate for sustaining that veto. http://t.co/f9WOXrovWu
RT @SenatorLeahy: Leahy @SenSanders @PeterWelch Announce $1.5 M In Affordable Housing Grants For Vt’s Local NeighborWorks Organizations htt…
Senate Sustains Pipeline Veto: http://t.co/s1MSN5FLjj #KeystoneXL http://t.co/WohQ3tq5uB
Sanders Tells DOD Fix Fraud &amp; Waste: http://t.co/m1Jmzxevk4 http://t.co/CYz4ZxJRZZ
Sanders Tells DOD Fix Fraud &amp; Waste Before Busting Spending Caps: http://t.co/m1Jmzxevk4
If you can't afford to take care of your veterans, then don't go to war. http://t.co/RNPVg9Pv4r
Sanders on Netanyahu’s Speech to Congress: http://t.co/RDzeGr20qM
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/nuJ0R1gBK7
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #CNN talking with @WolfBlitzer and @JakeTapper.
Coming up at 9pmET Sen. Sanders will be on #CNN talking with @WolfBlitzer and @JakeTapper.
It goes without saying... http://t.co/jze18EtJZE
VIDEO: Sen. Sanders talks about the #NetanyahuSpeech on #MSNBC's @EdShow: http://t.co/lH6vmWMQIb
Happening now: Sen. Bernie Sanders is on #MSNBC's @EdShow.
NEWS: Senator Sanders Statement on Prime Minister Netanyahu’s Speech to Congress: http://t.co/eMTxSB3PZI
Coming up at 5pmET Sen. Bernie Sanders will be on #MSNBC's @EdShow.
A Self-Made Crisis: http://t.co/Jjz01vAx56
After weeks of an unnecessary, self-made crisis... http://t.co/OEFqTuF9bH
Sanders Statement on Homeland Security Funding: http://t.co/fHJBvlUGbO
Watch Sen. Sanders read important quotes from @Pontifex on the Senate floor: http://t.co/S10Pn29HSF
Sanders Asks Obama to Close Six Egregious Corporate Tax Loopholes: http://t.co/vPpTapyLD8
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/Rfo6MppBBQ
Did congressional leaders do the right thing by inviting Netanyahu to Congress without notifying the president?: http://t.co/gh0xUQuG4k
Let us not forget. http://t.co/eujRPH8wdp
Sen. Bernie Sanders talks with @MitchellReports about the #NetanyahuSpeech: http://t.co/YF4bvCCgvz
VIDEO: Sen. Sanders talks with @WolfBlitzer about the #NetanyahuSpeech: http://t.co/mmtNV1MpNB
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #CNN talking with @wolfblitzer.
Affordable Dental Health Care for Veterans, Children and Others Should Be a Right - Sen. Sanders &amp; @RepCummings: http://t.co/CHMstNfP2e
.@SpeakerBoehner should not be playing partisan politics with American foreign policy. #NetanyahuSpeech http://t.co/fOxi6CK50Y
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC talking with @MitchellReports.
Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC talking with @MitchellReports in just a few minutes.
#NotAnotherNAFTA: http://t.co/ephifLFrwn #TPP
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/CQeDIVpikC
One of the wealthiest families in the world... http://t.co/qZhUxJaYUJ
Now is the time... http://t.co/uCygQlm7Wj
What a crew! http://t.co/dyhPZccR2M
Must Read: A Strike Against Student Debt - Astra Taylor, @NYTImes: http://t.co/BKE1senawN
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/0xgk6fkfKJ
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Homeland Security Funding: http://t.co/xfd2t8p9pv
Guess which country: http://t.co/hteiympQLa
47 million people live in areas of the country where there is a shortage of dentists: http://t.co/DjBZSDJYFO
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/B418lZnJmb
The Netanyahu Speech: http://t.co/NmykEg6dPk
.@Aetna CEO, @MTBert: http://t.co/XxqaZ6BBhh
One in four people age 65 and older has lost all of their natural teeth. http://t.co/DjBZSE1A4o
NEWS: Sanders Statement on New CBO Director: http://t.co/KeAANSZy5l
A profound moral issue... http://t.co/ztSW3zaMKU
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/OHbPjdQKDF
At a time of mass income and wealth inequality... http://t.co/pwa4AZrw4a
Man is not in charge today, money is in charge, money rules. - @Pontifex http://t.co/S10Pn1S717
Happening now: Sen. Bernie Sanders is speaking on the #Senate floor: http://t.co/8MYP20vsZ3
Dwight Eisenhower, 1954. #CPAC2015 http://t.co/sys0Ql5BZO
BREAKING: @FCC has voted to uphold #NetNeutrality: http://t.co/2WBnGSJEwv
President Ronald Reagan, 1985. #CPAC2015 http://t.co/fOGg6dAfkS
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/LxzN4x5ALI
Companies that have received billions... http://t.co/HzSOQFSw1P
Pope Francis: http://t.co/S10Pn1S717
NEWS: Sanders to Boehner: No More Excuses, Fund Homeland Security: http://t.co/3SWccqu3zI
There are very few excuses left. http://t.co/P4WVYwXBc6
RELEASE: Sanders Welcomes Pope Francis Visit to Washington: http://t.co/FDcia3vUVC
I hope Congress will listen to @Pontifex's message. http://t.co/BkwiDaUKoN
NOW: Sen. Bernie Sanders is quoting @Pontifex on the #Senate floor.
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the #Senate floor.
How's that for family values? #CPAC2015 http://t.co/wRmxOGd5hL
NEWS: Sanders, Cummings Propose Bill on Dental Crisis: http://t.co/DjBZSE1A4o
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: http://t.co/i65zfLDNsw  Call in: 202-536-2370
From noon-1pmET Sen. Sanders will take calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: http://t.co/i65zfLVok4 Call in: 202-536-2370
Sen. Sanders will discuss "An American Agenda" at #NPCLunch, 3/9! More info here: http://t.co/SLeQQCasXM
RT @SenateBudget: Hearing on debt shows projections are worse w Bush-era tax cuts, wars, TARP despite GOP effort to pin blame elsewhere htt…
From noon-1pmET Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: http://t.co/i65zfLVok4
RT @SenateBudget: at 1:30 today @SenSanders will talk about a new study on rising inequality &amp; it's effect on Social Security (as House GOP…
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/qC2qWxM2vf
Pipeline Veto Shows U.S. is Serious about Climate Change: http://t.co/hWT70EHW6v #NoKXL #KeystoneXL
I applaud the president for vetoing the #KeystoneXL pipeline bill. http://t.co/3vaxNAlOkM
NEWS: Sanders Applauds Veto of Keystone Pipeline Bill: http://t.co/hy73FPWJUk #KeystoneXL #KXL
Does that really make sense? http://t.co/Xk95gVGxZk
Learning New Skills at Cornucopia: http://t.co/DUy7Vz6oR0 #Vermont
Sen. Bernie Sanders talks with @TavisSmiley: http://t.co/IgzI8AK3Y3
We need a revolution in the way higher education is funded. http://t.co/qqpYsmJ1wO
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/QG1QPOILC9
Republicans should stop holding our homeland security hostage... http://t.co/qjrnBCeuLP
RT @PressClubDC: Just Announced! @SenSanders will discuss "An American Agenda" at #NPCLunch, 3/9! Tix online at http://t.co/x36pLezZYb http…
RT @tavissmiley: 2nite on @PBS convos w/ Vermont @SenSanders on 2016 election + @GeraldoRivera on #hiphop 's influence on our youth!  http:…
Republicans should stop holding our homeland security hostage and pass a clean, long-term funding bill. http://t.co/nVX44eMV9k
Deeper Ties to Corporate Cash for Doubtful Climate Researcher - @JustinHGillis &amp; @jswatz, @NYTimes: http://t.co/13yxdtaPoY
We must overturn Citizens United. http://t.co/3z7MZC0mdX
Sen. Bernie Sanders on ABC's "This Week": http://t.co/gDgh3OfTPt
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/MJOREmEzHH
America once led the world... http://t.co/Si9NmqNoms
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Homeland Security Funding http://t.co/nVX44eMV9k
Watch Bernie on @ThisWeekABC on Sunday. Check your local listings: http://t.co/wRdpZoewpc http://t.co/2liHNhgF5A
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/BWomPLMBwJ
.@Walmart should raise their min. wage to at least $10.10 an hour now and move it to $15 over the next several years. http://t.co/ozIcYAjvhJ
Corporations can't have it both ways. http://t.co/IGA0e8t0Nx
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/GhO0sQNdo3
NEWS: Sanders Statement on FairPoint Settlement http://t.co/AS4jbxBuZd
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Wal-Mart Wages http://t.co/WMbllzAoC4
Corporations are not people. http://t.co/ydvJP9Ic97
Here is the definition of greed... http://t.co/oHETceqpDp
NEWS: Sanders at University of Iowa to Propose Cutting College Tuition in Half http://t.co/JP6rscndK8
It's time to give America a raise. http://t.co/uG8zklMGVs
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/CQw7MzjeeV
Let us be bold... - Brad Pitt http://t.co/aOtAEBUO8C
There's class warfare, all right... - @WarrenBuffett http://t.co/lgpwtbabxt
A new direction for America: http://t.co/uEpVaFHcd9
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/GiDB8DrjJF
Full house at @uvmvermont for a student town hall meeting tonight. http://t.co/5KpBEhoHeR
We need a revolution in the way higher education is funded. http://t.co/RfJHnzPIlt
NEWS: Sanders Calls for Higher Ed Funding Revolution, Proposes Two Years Tuition Free at Public Colleges http://t.co/ftvrTnv37X #FreeCollege
RT @HuffPostBlog: .@SenSanders: The fate of Europe and the world may rest in Greece http://t.co/sB5YiwSRxX
We need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage. http://t.co/LPWdp2qsvS
The pro-worker, pro-growth experiment in Greece is under threat http://t.co/inAtE6s4iz - @guardian
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/IuOO7xFFhs
Should any political party attempt to abolish Social Security... - Pres. Dwight D. Eisenhower http://t.co/rvbiqlmNiM
The death-knell of the republic... - Pres. Theodore Roosevelt http://t.co/hjugXvrADV
The test of our progress... - Pres. Franklin Delano Roosevelt http://t.co/Kzi2zn5K5K
Want to better understand why we have a federal deficit? http://t.co/Q0vvg9bGju
Trickle down economics is a fraud. http://t.co/17KL6M8Min
"This, dear friends is truly scandalous." - @Pontifex http://t.co/aoDUIXtuiL
These things become the norm... - @Pontifex http://t.co/JrG9JLxUwr
Today's new from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/A4JviCBcvS
Money is in charge... - @Pontifex http://t.co/NmUXuWk4fZ
This is the Republican agenda. http://t.co/eoVd2ujJwl
Guess which country... http://t.co/tyiOhdCWeh
The race to the bottom. http://t.co/jXapJmlP5P
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/U9BXG6tcL1
Here's how the Republicans approach democracy. http://t.co/vYw10kVh3c
There are 512 billionaires... http://t.co/fl0WuUh7Hm
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: http://t.co/i65zfLVok4
Today at 2pm ET Sen. Sanders will be on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: http://t.co/i65zfLVok4
This is what class warfare looks like. http://t.co/jKGM6v9pTF
We need to expand Medicare to all Americans. http://t.co/V7je9aMj3w
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/Y0Q0ZJ2yLp
PM Extra news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/9XhMwcRCjj
RT @BrookingsInst: "The time is now for real tax reform," @SenSanders said at Brookings this week. See highlights from his speech: http://t…
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the #Senate floor.
NEWS: Obama Signs Bill on Veterans Suicides: http://t.co/u9J7Ikb1ew #ClayHuntSAVAct
#TBT When Republicans blocked Sen. Sanders' bill to expand benefits for #veterans: http://t.co/VcOwaAu6wN
NOW: Sen. Sanders is attending the signing of the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act. http://t.co/cyAzffR3zG
Does anyone think this is fair? #SocialSecurity http://t.co/ebI9YY8wci
Sen. Sanders is on his way to the @WhiteHouse to attend the signing of the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act.
War Powers Resolution Goes Too Far: http://t.co/tKgSfjiHi0
Read the latest Bernie Buzz: http://t.co/uO5syiVrYm Sign up for the Buzz here: http://t.co/8Eu5QTpWpO
Do you agree that Muslim nations should play a greater role in the battle against the Islamic State? Weigh in: http://t.co/hV3iWd4gpD
It is my firm belief... http://t.co/waPLqs3uE9
New Front In #RepublicanClassWar: Social Security for the Disabled - @rjeskow, @OurFuture: http://t.co/opXI8w2jeS
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC talking with @FrancesRivera.
Coming up at 10amET: Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC talking with @FrancesRivera.
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/XpPHxL4HSw
War Powers: http://t.co/GE8U1BSZtu
Rejecting the #KeystoneXL pipeline is a no-brainer. #NoKXL http://t.co/4vnPLpRjlM
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @CNN talking with @WolfBlitzer about the president's #AUMF request to battle #ISIS.
...never-ending quagmire... http://t.co/cq1irBUj9V
Coming up at 5pmET: Sen. Sanders will be on @CNN talking with @WolfBlitzer about the president's #AUMF request to battle #ISIS.
The Islamic State is a brutal terrorist organization and it must be defeated. http://t.co/ompWSb3TzY
NEWS: Sanders Statement on War Powers Resolution: http://t.co/ompWSb3TzY
Does anybody really believe this? #SocialSecurity http://t.co/7cYocz8A2s
Republican Efforts To Cut Social Security Benefits Pit Disabled Americans Against Senior Citizens: http://t.co/T2m55cwyNz
RT @SenateBudget: Expanding #SocialSecurity must be a central component of fighting #inequality says @SenSanders  @SSWorks
Today, #SocialSecurity has a $2.8 trillion surplus and can pay out every benefit owed to every eligible American for the next 18 years.
Does anybody really believe that a person with a severe disability in America should be forced to live on $11,324 a year? #SocialSecurity
The average disability insurance benefit is under $1200/mo - and for 30% of beneficiaries it's their entire income. #SocialSecurity
The Social Security Disability Insurance program is a life and death issue for nearly 11 million Americans, including 1 million #veterans.
NOW: The Senate Budget committee is holding a hearing on the #SocialSecurity disability trust fund. Watch live: http://t.co/90epgpkfT5
RT @SenateBudget: Raise taxes on the wealthy to expand #SocialSecurity says @SenSanders: http://t.co/d96eFKqvYJ #ScraptheCap #inequality
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/hfkQoo6Xon
#JonStewart: http://t.co/h1GncHiG0q
You can watch Sen. Bernie Sanders' 2011 interview with #JonStewart here: http://t.co/EsBXDdXiFF #DailyShow
If Republicans are serious about extending the solvency of #SocialSecurity... http://t.co/e7e3CpYwOW
A Manufactured Crisis: http://t.co/MAsDqFoRTi
Greek Democracy: http://t.co/vmMVYvTqNn
RT @NCPSSM: "Stop manufacturing a crisis with the #SocialSecurity disability trust fund." -@SenSanders #p2 http://t.co/ywqD8gtot3
Netanyahu Speech to Congress a Very Bad Idea: http://t.co/HKi1GoB2NJ http://t.co/Utq80d9CIP
Sanders to Skip Netanyahu Speech: http://t.co/3qGnT2Icmj
Sen. Sanders is on @CNN now. #CNN
NEWS: Sanders Issues New Report Documenting Republican Effort to Cut Social Security: http://t.co/cf3g8jV9SS
Coming up at 11:20amET Sen. Sanders will be on @CNN.
Sen. Bernie Sanders at The @BrookingsInst:  http://t.co/WV6hDJ9vsL #SandersAtBrookings
It is time for American trade negotiators to stop operating in the shadows... #TPP http://t.co/yht714FemL
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/IO1rdG4d63
NOW: Sen. Sanders' speech at the @BrookingsInst is playing on @CSpan. Watch it here: http://t.co/9cbZxKbcQZ or check local listings.
RT @BrookingsInst: Missed @SenSanders' fiery speech at Brookings today? See the highlights: http://t.co/pCWJZZ0nuC #SandersAtBrookings http…
PM Extra: Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/iWTzpHkcys #SandersAtBrookings #SocialSecurity #Greece
Of the billionaires, by the billionaires and for the billionaires: http://t.co/GTb3jtcn8F
An Economic Agenda for America: http://t.co/NYmbGqthBw #SandersAtBrookings http://t.co/1GvCN3lFXH
Of the Billionaires... http://t.co/wzf0KnQNtG
Of the Billionaires: http://t.co/vVq6c8aGCX #SandersAtBrookings
RT @CNBCClosingBell: ON NOW: @SenSanders with his take on #Greece. Tune in!
VIDEO: Sen. Sanders debuts his 12-point economic agenda for America: http://t.co/iV55PzcJrK
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC talking with @JoyAnnReid.
Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC talking with @JoyAnnReid in just a few minutes.
Sen. Sanders' prepared remarks from today's #SandersAtBrookings speech: http://t.co/WPkZDzF95G
NEWS: Sanders Asks Fed Chief Yellen To Help Greece Overcome Austerity Policies Which Are Destroying Their Economy: http://t.co/BqPRyFgNL5
RT @BrookingsGov: Hope you had a chance to follow along w/ @SenSanders #SandersAtBrookings. It was #3 trending in the U.S. behind #Beck and…
RT @BrookingsGov: To take on #Billionaires, @SenSanders calls for "strongest grass roots movement in the modern history of this country." #…
NOW: Sen. Sanders &amp; @EJDionne are speaking at the @BrookingsInst: http://t.co/nTBr8qB1Et #SandersAtBrookings
RT @BrookingsGov: .@SenSanders: "Free public education does not have to end at high school." #SandersAtBrookings http://t.co/cyVgJokga6
In today's highly competitive global economy, millions of Americans are unable to afford the higher education they need. #SandersAtBrookings
We need to take a hard look at our trade policies which have resulted in the outsourcing of millions of jobs. http://t.co/nTBr8qB1Et
RT @Grace_Wallack: "Anyone who doesn't understand the hardships American families are facing currently doesn't understand the economy." #Sa…
RT @BrookingsGov: .@SenSanders delivering impassioned speech at @BrookingsGov. Webcast: http://t.co/cyVgJokga6 #SandersAtBrookings http://t…
RT @bethrstone: When you stand up for people &amp; keep your promises, people will get involved in politics #SandersAtBrookings http://t.co/LfC…
NOW: Watch Sen. Bernie Sanders speak at the @BrookingsInst: http://t.co/nTBr8qjqfT #SandersAtBrookings
Coming up at 10:30amET: Sen. Sanders will speak at the @BrookingsInst: http://t.co/NYmbGqthBw #SandersAtBrookings
RT @BrookingsGov: We're webcasting @SenSanders' event today. You can also follow along at #SandersAtBrookings http://t.co/cyVgJokga6
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/EmzxtQThj0
RSVP to attend or join the webcast of Sen. Sanders speaking at @BrookingsInst on Monday, Feb. 9: http://t.co/NYmbGqKSt4 #SandersAtBrookings
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/e3bZv9wbuK
RSVP to attend or join the webcast of Sen. Sanders speaking at @BrookingsInst on Monday, Feb. 9: http://t.co/NYmbGqKSt4 #SandersAtBrookings
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/LDrCyP7b25 #Vt #Vermont #PAProgSummit #TPP #SocialSecurity
The Week in Review: http://t.co/HiFHkF0STh
RT @BrookingsInst: Monday hear what @SenSanders has to say about U.S. economic growth &amp; rebuilding the middle class: http://t.co/8TEVyqG45j…
NEWS: Sanders: New Trade Deal Would Hurt American Workers: http://t.co/ehgYmkWKqF #TPP
A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much, while so many have so little. http://t.co/13TDAYwCpA
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: http://t.co/i65zfLVok4
From noon-1pmET Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: http://t.co/i65zfLDNsw
Happy Birthday, Ronald Reagan: http://t.co/nCmmFLfubn
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/MpSuO9rfqq
Beyond Comprehension: http://t.co/gYw5c1fOyb #TPP
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC talking with @WeGotEd.
Republicans Want to Cut Social  Security Disability Benefits, Sanders Warns: http://t.co/WJPGFjzUhy #SocialSecurity
I am delighted that Pope Francis will address a joint session of Congress during his American visit this fall. -B
NEWS: Sanders Looks Forward to Pope Francis’ Address to Congress: http://t.co/pcML7SLS8k
Coming up at 5pmET: Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC talking with @WeGotEd.
We must oppose all efforts to cut #SocialSecurity and fight hard to expand it. http://t.co/eMfUUDVzcQ
Sen. Sanders is speaking on the #Senate floor. Watch live: http://t.co/umNwDpPZZ5 #SocialSecurity
Sen. Sanders is on his way to speak on the #Senate floor. Watch live here: http://t.co/umNwDpPZZ5
RT @SenateBudget: at 1:55 pm, @SenSanders will speak on senate floor about #GOP attempts to slash #socialsecurity benefits for disabled htt…
#TBT In 1985, as mayor of Burlington, #Vt Sen. Bernie Sanders led a volunteer tree-planting program. #BTV http://t.co/1onWNtVHYP
The Possible Presidential Candidate Who Agrees the Most with Pope Francis - @ElizabethjDias, @Time: http://t.co/HZjuJ34kHt
Some people continue to defend trickle-down theories... - @Pontifex http://t.co/R99XWJyNjv
Join Sen. Sanders on Monday at the @BrookingsInst: http://t.co/NYmbGqthBw #SandersAtBrookings
A Big Win on Net Neutrality: http://t.co/DLAijYGyFB #FCC #NetNeutrality
This is what oligarchy looks like: http://t.co/26fGYnfBQM
RT @BPHC: Just finished our second meeting of the day with Senator Sanders' Policy Advisor! http://t.co/7nK8UFuTEi
STUDY: TV News Shows Largely Ignore Historic Trade Negotiations - @MMFA: http://t.co/BkDHFOgYU4 #TPP
NEWS: Sanders Welcomes FCC Turnabout on Net Neutrality: http://t.co/HVg9IyIM3R #FCC #NetNeutrality
Should Medicare be allowed to negotiate Part D drug prices? Weigh in here: http://t.co/7hZJM6ATVE
Are we satisfied as a nation when so few have so much and so many have so few? http://t.co/DWYHIGM3bx
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the #Senate floor. Watch live here: http://t.co/umNwDpPZZ5
Do you think it's time for tax reform? http://t.co/phW92PIy2P
Sen. Sanders has left the office and is on his way to speak on the #Senate floor. Watch live here: http://t.co/9cbZxJTBZr
Sen. Sanders will be speaking on the #Senate floor at around 11:15am. Watch live here: http://t.co/9cbZxJTBZr
RSVP to attend or join the webcast of Sen. Sanders speaking at @BrookingsInst on Monday, Feb. 9: http://t.co/NYmbGqthBw #SandersAtBrookings
The great moral, economic and political issue of our time... http://t.co/rQs6JwxdEQ
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/ponyuCVdEO
70% of our economy is based on consumer spending... http://t.co/WX7WQOgecg
Corporate Tax Loopholes: http://t.co/xpBJyUPEUV
Answer: Congress listens to billionaire campaign contributors, not ordinary Americans. http://t.co/GoJBpMTfNR
RT @wuerker: United We Stand!  ( offshore we bank).  New toon up @politico 
 http://t.co/9E6EROyafJ http://t.co/By7IH35WxI
LIVE: @SenateBudget Committee hearing on the president's 2016 budget proposal. Watch here: http://t.co/pGjVbbeEKB
The fact of the matter is... http://t.co/l7nwaKjOIK
RSVP to attend or join the webcast of #SandersAtBrookings on Monday, Feb. 9: http://t.co/NYmbGrk4ZI #PelosiAtBrookings
Must Read: President's plan helps families - Sen. Bernie Sanders, @USATODAY: http://t.co/TP9vQRbgry
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/y5zpqdFgvU
Sanders Statement on Budget Proposal for FY 2016: http://t.co/FopWDiJKes
RSVP to attend or join the webcast of Sen. Sanders speaking at the @BrookingsInst on Feb. 9: http://t.co/NYmbGrk4ZI #SandersAtBrookings
If we are serious about rebuilding the disappearing middle class... http://t.co/oi5C2U5FGN
RT @hodgesreporting: Vermont @SenSanders at Dynapower for solar project grant. "Transform energy system, save planet, create jobs" http://t…
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/QirFUPblnT
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @CSPAN's Newsmakers. Watch here or check local listings: http://t.co/ah1kJQywdW
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/4OdW5debBr
Coming up at 10amET Sen. Sanders will be on @CSPAN's Newsmakers. Watch here or check local listings: http://t.co/ah1kJQywdW
NEWS: Sanders Leads Push for Fair Overtime Pay: http://t.co/EEJx01shAq
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/bVvgl4Regs
The week in review: http://t.co/HFYLForJVw
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on @WCAX talking about his #SOTU essay contest. #Vt #Vermont
Coming up at 5:30pmET: Sen. Sanders will be on @WCAX talking about his #SOTU essay contest. #VT #Vermont
The share of wealth owned by the top 0.1% is almost the same as the bottom 90%: http://t.co/BZ22e4dSDW
Happy birthday, Franklin D. Roosevelt: http://t.co/W5qj6DJLau
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch here: http://t.co/i65zfMcZs8
From noon-1pmET Sen. Sanders will be taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch here: http://t.co/i65zfMcZs8
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/IuAyrweZx1
Sign up to attend or join the webcast of Sen. Sanders speaking at the @BrookingsInst on Feb. 9: http://t.co/NYmbGrk4ZI #SandersAtBrookings
Half of all Americans make less than $20 an hour: http://t.co/029yStepHA
The jobs created during the recovery pay 23% less, on average, than those that were lost in the recession.
Our economy can not function when those at the top are pocketing 100% of the income gains.
Sen. Sanders is speaking on the #Senate floor: http://t.co/Smpbe850qA
The share of wealth owned by the top 0.1% is almost the same as the bottom 90%. - Sen. Sanders on the #Senate floor: http://t.co/9cbZxKKpnD
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the #Senate floor. Watch live: http://t.co/9cbZxKKpnD
Sen. Sanders has left the office and is on his way to give a speech on the #Senate floor. Watch live here: http://t.co/9cbZxKKpnD
All the new income from 2009 to 2013 went to the top 1%: http://t.co/GMjEgI2EqB
NEWS: Sanders Supports Move to End Artificial Spending Limits: http://t.co/5fJ6TCndrK
#TBT Sen. Bernie Sanders, 1986: http://t.co/ej1FjGpOqo
ICYMI: Let’s rebuild America - Sen. Bernie Sanders, @TheHill: http://t.co/F7JbUG4B10
Today, just one family, the Waltons of Wal-Mart, is worth more than the bottom 41.5%: http://t.co/N7bNwVSw4a
Gains From Economic Recovery Still Limited to Top One Percent - @JustinWolfers, @NYTimes: http://t.co/xRkPXAOLa6
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/KoWs5oNerr
NEWS: Sanders’ Solar Bill Blocked by Senate Republicans: http://t.co/n3ZCxY8qJy #KeystoneXL #NOKXL
VIDEO: Sen. @CoryBooker asks @SecretaryFoxx about Sen. Sanders' #RebuildAmerica Act: http://t.co/P81JfaWf1Q
RT @DSenFloor: The Senate is now voting on @SenSanders amdt #23 (solar panels) to S.1, the KXL bill (60 vote threshold) #clerkwillcallthero…
If we can spend $6 trillion on war, we can spend $1 trillion rebuilding here at home. #RebuildAmerica http://t.co/Yj2g1eFCmq
RT @SenateBudget: Watch today's hearing w @SenSanders here: http://t.co/xKV9BMvTKL
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/nMxEboh7ay
Sen. Sanders will be on @BloombergTV in just a few minutes.
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the #Senate floor. Watch live: http://t.co/9cbZxKKpnD
The Rebuild America Act: http://t.co/E201Ri2efq
NEWS: Sanders Introduces Bill to Rebuild America’s Crumbling Infrastructure, Support 13 Million Jobs: http://t.co/tFTGw2A5jF #RebuildAmerica
Join Sen. Sanders &amp; @EJDionne on Feb. 9 at the @BrookingsInst. More info here: http://t.co/NYmbGrk4ZI #SandersAtBrookings
West Virginia Gas Line Explodes, Marking Fourth Major Pipeline Incident This Month - @emorwee, @thinkprogress: http://t.co/Q8Cf2ptfdY
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/ytjMeJeUrk
Let’s rebuild America - Sen. Bernie Sanders, @TheHill: http://t.co/F7JbUG4B10
This is Not Democracy: http://t.co/OBBI5U0kyS
Must Read: The Koch network’s 2016 spending goal: $889 million - @KenVogel, @Politico: http://t.co/juG9kqcdai
If we cannot control billionaires' power to buy elections... http://t.co/Wp98WOUVWg
Must Read: Ending Greece’s Nightmare - @NYTimesKrugman, @NYTimes: http://t.co/zw8BuptVGl
Sanders Frames Budget Committee Priorities Ahead of CBO Report: http://t.co/naqKCIES3y
RT @SenateBudget: Before reading the #CBO report on the economy, read @SenSanders take on the economy: http://t.co/Uj851ScEFw
Oxfam reports that the top 1% of the world's population will soon own more wealth than the bottom 99%. http://t.co/e4GbIFWfNu
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/tbOnph74Ro
The Syriza victory tells us that people around the world will no longer accept austerity for working families while the rich get richer.
NEWS: Sanders Statement on the Election in Greece: http://t.co/qRni6Mjz8W #GreeceElections
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/R1h1eAD4ku
Must Read: Most Americans are one paycheck away from the street - @Quantanamo, @MarketWatch: http://t.co/SfJYF2VXD3
What the Koch brothers want: http://t.co/M1XWpiVb3f
What a disgrace... http://t.co/HzuJI66r2j
Must Read: Koch brothers' odious influence - @PilotNews: http://t.co/ZaePDJmpiB #KochPrimary
NEWS: The Koch Brothers Primary: http://t.co/zqsWIshx9U #KochPrimary
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/0FKNRJ4UDK
We must overturn Citizens United. http://t.co/M9hes3bNbi
The Week in Review: http://t.co/j9cI281735
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved already. http://t.co/s2UcJ3Ee8w
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is taking calls on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: http://t.co/i65zfMcZs8
Today from noon-1pmET Sen. Sanders will be on the @Thom_Hartmann program. Watch live here: http://t.co/i65zfMcZs8
Trickle down economics is a fraud: http://t.co/2NitJKeJ9K
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/HkqPsneyBK
Energy Efficiency Now: http://t.co/GLQmpn2BJ0
NEWS: Senate Republicans Ignore Science on Global Warming: http://t.co/scoZaPO146
Happening now: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC.
Sen. Sanders will be on #MSNBC in just a few minutes.
Right now the #Senate is voting on whether to table Sen. Sanders' amendment to the #KeystoneXL bill. Wacth live: http://t.co/K8w9qX6lDN
Happening now: Sen. Bernie Sanders is speaking on the #Senate floor. Watch live: http://t.co/q3tUe6l752 #KeystoneXL
"From Your Lips to God's Ear": http://t.co/8MutaSmuuZ
We're Getting Even Closer to Doomsday - @AP: http://t.co/k3ydbTI4HI #doomsdayclock http://t.co/g02BRB8dEK
MUST READ: Atomic Scientists: We're Getting Even Closer to Doomsday - @borenbears, @AP: http://t.co/k3ydbTI4HI #doomsdayclock
NOW: Sen. Sanders is speaking on the Senate floor about his #KeystoneXL amendment. Watch live: http://t.co/JruIeT9dvD
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/2guT8OP3MS
Sen. Sanders is speaking about his amendment to the #KeystoneXL bill. Watch live: http://t.co/apbJzVkpQt
NEWS: Sanders Promises to Fight Failed Trade Policies: http://t.co/5ByhRBatkE
President Dwight D. Eisenhower: http://t.co/ILucivOUJc
Global warming could exceed 10 degrees Fahrenheit in the U.S. by the end of this century.
Sen. Sanders is speaking about his amendment to the #KeystoneXL bill. Watch live: http://t.co/ZCNiWVja7t
Sen. Sanders is on his way to the #Senate floor to speak about his amendment to the #KeystoneXL bill. Watch live: http://t.co/ZCNiWVja7t
NEWS: Sanders Files Constitutional Amendment to Overturn Supreme Court’s Citizens United Decision: http://t.co/9GZPsipPCQ
Five Years After Citizens United, Billionaires Are Buying Democracy - Sen. Sanders &amp; Rob Weissman, @HuffingtonPost: http://t.co/ZXxJnA4kTX
This is a rip-off... http://t.co/s5Rjh8WgTt
RT @RepBarbaraLee: Proud to join @SenSanders, Reps. @louiseslaughter &amp; @rosadelauro,  and others at 11AM for press conf. saying #NoFastTrac…
Sanders Weighs in on the State of the Union: http://t.co/ffJzTBZ7jy #SOTU
Today's news from Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.): http://t.co/R53OUEWdgA
VIDEO: Sanders Reacts to the State of the Union Address: http://t.co/lS3ve7aJGR
NOW: Sen. Sanders is on #MSNBC talking about the #SOTU with @Morning_Joe.
